乌俄战争新闻
Ukrainian-Russian War News
2023-06-22
 
English 
The Slovak Parliament recognized the Holodomor with the genocide of the Ukrainian people 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-21T10:00:00-04:00
Description: The Parliament of the Slovichini Vyznovanov Holodomor 1932-1933 Rock with the Ant Ukrainian Genocide ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' muzej-golodomoru.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВИЗНАННЯ ГОЛОДОМОРУ ГЕНОЦИДОМ', 'ПРЕЗИДЕНТ УКРАЇНИ', 'СЛОВАЧЧИНА']
Category: News
 Photo: Dmitry Yurchenko/Armyinform
The Parliament of Slovakia recognized the Holodomor of 1932-1933 by the genocide of the anti-Ukrainian people.
President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky thanked the Parliament of Slovakia.
“I am grateful to the Parliament of Slovakia for recognition of the Holodomor of 1932-1933 by the Genocide of the Ukrainian people. Timely decision, significant contribution to the restoration of historical justice and honoring millions of innocent victims, ” - the emphasis Twitter And the head of state.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/parlament-slovachchyny-vyznav-golodomor-genoczydom-ukrayinskogo-narodu/ 
Gur's interception: "We are not told how many we have dead" - a rashist about losses 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-21T12:00:00-04:00
Description: “Yes, already in Kiev at*Bali, a bomb so that the“ fungus ”rose there ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine And when Russia and the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' gurperehoplennya.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOP RUSSIA', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГУР', 'ПЕРЕХОПЛЕННЯ']
Category: News
 "Yes, there would be a bomb in Kiev in Kyiv that" fungus "was in them and dropped in them," the Russian occupier dreams of such.
In a conversation with his associate with his associate, a serviceman of the Russian Federation told about the impressiveness of the dead, which everyone is silent:
· The occupier is shared by advice on how to avoid mobilization - through divorce to a friend and the registration of care over the child;
· “We do not pass any communion? NO, I did not pass them*;
· "C*ka, cogd Bahkaet, even squeeze";
· "We*I do not speak, squeezed."
"For every military crime committed against Ukraine, there will be a valid payment," the military intelligence officers say.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/perehoplennya-gur-nam-ne-kazhut-skilky-mayemo-zagyblyh-voyak-rf-pro-vtraty/ 
The General Staff of the Armed Forces posted a video of destruction of the "stugna" of the Russian tank 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-21T14:00:00-04:00
Description: Bіitsі Roti Ostankovikh missile complexes 128-ї ї ї qirsko-nursing ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' pidbytyj-tank.png ']
Tags: ['128 БРИГАДА', 'STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ', 'ЗНИЩЕННЯ ВОЄННОЇ ТЕХНІКИ ЗС РФ']
Category: News
 Skrin with video
Fighters of the company of anti-tank missile systems of the 128th Separate Mountain Mountains of the Supplier Brigade were destroyed by a Russian tank.
About this, with reference to the public relations service of the brigade, reported General of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
The accurate shot is made from the complex "Stugna-P" from a distance of several kilometers. The video that posted the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces shows how the tank tries to manifest and prepare for the shelling of our positions.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/genshtab-zsu-rozmistyv-video-znyshhennya-stugnoyu-rosijskogo-tanka/ 
The victims of Kakhovskaya Hydroe Hepheus will receive one -time financial assistance from the state 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-21T16:00:00-04:00
Description: For Piditrimkamki Ukrainians, he built up Vnaslikok Pіdriva Greb Kakhovo Ges, ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 2006-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['ГРОШОВА ДОПОМОГА', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС', 'МІНІСТЕРСТВО СОЦІАЛЬНОЇ ПОЛІТИКИ УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 To support the Ukrainians affected by the blast of the Kakhovsky Hydroelectric Power Plant, more than UAH 564 million was allocated from the state budget for payment of one -time material cash assistance. About it reports Ministry of Social Policy of Ukraine.
On June 19, the Government approved a resolution that was developed by the Ministry of Social Policy to which every victim of the flooded regions of the Kherson Tamikolaiv regions will receive 5 thousand UAH at the expense of the reserve fund.
The victims are recognized as those who - at the time of emergency situations -
The appointment of financial assistance will be carried out by the social protection bodies of the population.
In order to receive help, it is enough to submit the victim.
The documents must be presented:
In this case, a statement on providing financial assistance to a person who is recognized as incapacitated may be submitted by his legal representative or the authorized person of the guardianship and custody body.
Please note that if the documents have been lost, a person may prescribe their scanning or photocopies or use information from a single-state demographic register and other state information resources.
It is necessary to apply to the Social Security bodies no later than 31st 2023(including).
Отримати кошти можна буде через АТ «Укрпошта» або через установи уповноваженихбанків з можливістю їх зняття через платіжні термінали.
Those citizens whose property was damaged as a result of the disruption of the Damshovsky Hydroelectric Power Plant will also have the right to compensate for the state-renewal mechanism from the state. The relevant government resolution, developed by the development of communities, territories and infrastructure of Ukraine, was approved at a government meeting on June 16.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/postrazhdali-vid-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-otrymayut-odnorazovu-groshovu-dopomogu-vid-derzhavy/ 
The Kremlin blocks the admission of UN representatives to the Left Bank of Kherson Region 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-21T18:00:00-04:00
Description: UN Non Grata: the Kremlin is piecely blocked by the Organized Administration for the Khersonshchini Layvobezhzhzhiy. About the work ... war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the war with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 348670134_589660509984601_6424248947595925824_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['ЕКОЦИД', 'ООН', 'СТРАТКОМ']
Category: News
 UN Non Grate: The Kremlin is artificially blocking the admission of the organization on the Left Bank.
About it on your Facebook page writes Center for Strategic Communications and Information Security.
There is also an interesting history with the prevention of the UN to the flooded territories of the occupied Kherson region. Gennady Gatilov, Post-Russian Post-income Headquarters of the UN, stressed that the organization "should not ignore the fact that the Kherson region is part of the Russian Federation, and accordingly, for its certification it is necessary to comply with Russian laws."
Peskov, in turn, put the usual smoke, saying that the Uonians were not allowed to the affected areas through shelling.
In fact, the coordinator of the UN Special Humanities Mission from Ukraine Denizbraun has issued a statement stating that Moscow refuses to organize admission to the left bank under the control of Russia.
Moscow may not like the definition of the UN: "Territories that are underwenting in Russia"(that is quite obvious because the international community does not recognize their "accession"). Тому росія пішла на принцип і не пустилагуманітарну місію, прикриваючись «турботою про її безпеку».
Зараз в українському місті Гола Пристань окупаційна влада оголосила карантин.Тобто нічого нового не відбувається. путін, як і раніше, нехтує життям людейзаради власних цілей. Є що приховувати і кого ховати?
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/kreml-blokuye-dopusk-predstavnykiv-oon-na-livoberezhzhya-hersonshhyny/ 
Explosions were reported in Poltava region 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-21T18:09:30
Location: Kremenchuk (Latitude:49.17632 Longtitude:33.51929)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22570873
Explosions were reported in Poltava region
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/21-june-explosions-were-reported-in-poltava-region 
News Source: https://t.me/huyovy_kharkiv/113829 
Explosion was reported just before the raid alert 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-21T18:10:29
Location: Kryvyi Rih (Latitude:47.89793 Longtitude:33.4441)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22570874
Explosion was reported just before the raid alert
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/21-june-explosion-was-reported-just-before-the-raid-alert 
News Source: https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/44705 
Our artillery during the day struck 3 management points, 3 stations of the IP, 18 art units of the enemy 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-21T20:00:00-04:00
Description: About Tse at his Rankova, the general headquarters of the Zbroyni forces of Ukraine. ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 323438263_687407886219153_7819518616379973794_n.webp ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АРТИЛЕРИСТИ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГЕНЕРАЛЬНИЙ ШТАБ ЗС УКРАЇНИ', 'ГШ ЗСУ', 'ПІДРОЗДІЛИ РАКЕТНИХ ВІЙСЬК І\xa0АРТИЛЕРІЇ', 'РАНКОВЕ ЗВЕДЕННЯ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
About it in your morning summary reports General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
The missile troops and artillery units were struck by three points of management, one area of personnel and military equipment, three HRS stations, 18 artillery units at fire positions, single air defense and six more important enemy objects.
Aviation of defense forces per day struck nine strokes in the areas of concentrating the personal composition of the enemy and three on its anti-aircraft missile complexes.
Our defenders also destroyed four enemy reconnaissance UAVs.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/nasha-artyleriya-protyagom-doby-urazyla-3-punkty-upravlinnya-3-stancziyi-reb-18-artpidrozdiliv-voroga/ 
Information about the possible breakthrough of the Armed Forces causes panic moods in collaborators - the General Staff of the Armed Forces 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-21T22:00:00-04:00
Description: Rosіyski Passpanti is actively sewing up about the junction of the junction of the ZSU that is non -chief ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' genichesk-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'ГЕНІЧЕСЬК', 'ГШ ЗСУ', 'ЕВАКУАЦІЯ КОЛАБОРАНТІВ', 'КОЛАБОРАНТИ', 'НАСТУП']
Category: News
 Russian invaders are actively disseminating information about the possible breakthrough of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces to prepare for evacuation.
About it writes The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine in its morning summary.
Thus, in Genichesk, collaborators receive SMS with detailed instructions and coordinates of evacuation points, which, in turn, causes panic.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/informacziya-pro-mozhlyvyj-proryv-zsu-vyklykaye-u-kolaborantiv-panichni-nastroyi-genshtab-zsu/ 
At night the air defense forces destroyed all six "shahas" over Khmelnytskyi 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-21T24:00:00-04:00
Description: Unochi 21 worm in the non -Khmelnitschin’s stupid of the dawn forces of the ZSU LIKVILIA ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' oip-2.jpg ']
Tags: ['АТАКА ДРОНІВ', 'ПОВІТРЯНІ СИЛИ ЗБРОЙНИХ СИЛ УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 On June 21, in the sky above Khmelnytsky region, the forces and means of the aerial forces were shrugged all six drones like Shahd, which were released by the invaders.
About it reports The press service of the Armed Forces Command.
It is noted that the enemy struck from the north direction.
Also last day, the Defense Forces of Ukraine landed four enemy intelligence units of different types.
The aircraft aviation made dozens of aircraft, struck by posts, equipment, and rear of the occupying troops, including aviation means of impressions provided by Western partners.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/unochi-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-usi-shist-shahediv-nad-hmelnychchynoyu/ 
Pentagon mistakenly inflated the cost provided to Ukraine by weapons of $ 6.2 billion 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-21T26:00:00-04:00
Description: The Pentagon is shifted, the PISLA PIPEKIKI VARTOSTIA TO OF DODANNA, ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, War with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' original-6-scaled.jpg ']
Tags: ['ДОПОМОГА УКРАЇНИ', 'ОЛЕКСІЙ РЕЗНІКОВ', 'ПЕНТАГОН']
Category: News
 The Pentagon announced that after a revaluation of the value of the weapons and equipment provided to Ukraine, the difference is $ 6.2 billion in the last 2 years.
About it the Minister of Defense of Ukraine Alexei Reznikov reported In his Twitter.
He emphasized that the US Department of Defense will have additional powers to provide Ukraine with additional security assistance.
“Thank you Lloyd Austin for their support!Thank you all the American people!” —This in the message.
According to the Deputy Prescribe Pentagon Sabrin Singh, accounting analysis found that military services used the cost of replacing the pentagon in Ukraine in Ukraine, not its balance sheet value.
The final calculations show that the error reached $ 3.6 billion in the current financial year and $ 2.6 billion in 2022.
"These errors in the assessment did not affect the support of Ukraine," stated in the Pentagon.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/pentagon-pomylkovo-zavyshhyv-vartist-nadanogo-ukrayini-ozbroyennya-na-62-milyarda/ 
The Supreme Court has determined the amount of one -time financial assistance for war veterans for 2022 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-21T38:00:00-04:00
Description: Vidpovydna Rishhennya Bulo was brought by the supreminum by the court from the fate of the ship's ward to the reference of the reference ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 The last to today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' sol_9938-groshi-1536x1024-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['СОЦІАЛЬНИЙ ЗАХИСТ']
Category: News
 Photo illustrative
The appropriate decision was made The Supreme Court is a complication of the court chamber for the protection(Case No. 560/8064/22).
Так, вищезгадана колегія суддів, переглядаючи таку справу в касаційномупорядку відносно ветерана війни — особи з інвалідністю ІІ групи внаслідоквійни, дійшла висновку, що положення статті 13 Закону України «Про статусветеранів війни, гарантії їх соціального захисту» необхідно застосовувати щодовиплати у розмірі 8 мінімальних пенсій за віком для даної категорії ветеранів.
Судова палата під час ухвалення рішення звернула увагу на те, що реалізаціяправа на соціальний захист осіб, які перебувають на службі у ЗСУ та іншихвійськових формуваннях, а також членів їхніх сімей потребує запровадженнямеханізмів забезпечення їх державної підтримки. При цьому головну роль вобороні України відіграють саме Збройні Сили України та інші військовіформування, які своєю мужньою боротьбою здійснюють ефективний захистУкраїнської держави та Українського народу. Відтак усебічна підтримкавійськовослужбовців та ветеранів війни є найвищим державним інтересом і однієюз найбільш захищених конституційних цінностей України.
Відповідна постанова суду касаційної інстанції набирає законної сили з дати їїухвалення та не може бути оскаржена.
Раніше Велика Палата Верховного Суду вже розглядала аналогічну справу щодовиплати одноразової грошової допомоги до 5 травня за 2020 рік. Під часрозгляду судді акцентували увагу на тому, що на момент отримання спірноїразової грошової допомоги до 5 травня слід керуватися вимогами Закону України«Про статус ветеранів війни, гарантії їх соціального захисту», що передбачаєвиплату такої допомоги для учасників бойових дій у розмірі 5 мінімальнихпенсій за віком, інвалідам війни 1 групи — 10 мінімальних пенсій за віком, 2групи — 8 мінімальних пенсій за віком, 3 групи — 7 мінімальних пенсій завіком.
Отже, цьогорічним рішенням Верховний Суд підтвердив те, що одноразова грошовадопомога до 5 травня за 2022 рік повинна виплачуватися відповідно до розмірівмінімальних пенсій за віком, навіть в умовах воєнного стану.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/verhovnyj-sud-vyznachyv-sumu-odnorazovoyi-groshovoyi-dopomogy-dlya-veteraniv-vijny-za-2022-rik/ 
CPD reports manipulations widespread in the world media 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-21T55:00:00-04:00
Description: The propaganda is to shatter fake fakes by the desi -format. The Center for the Wizin -Format ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be war With Ukraine, in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 355164117_276737894875283_4770897590668483351_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'РОСІЙСЬКІ ФЕЙКИ', 'ЦПД РНБО']
Category: News
 Propagandists continue to spread fakes and misinformation. The Center for Anti -Dydrozinformation in NSDC Ukraine found Several examples of propaganda campaigns.
Fake: "Drugs are looking for new ways to" cut off "from the offensive of the Nazaporozhian direction - they break the equipment and cripple themselves so as not to go to Osabiy", - said editors of the enemy portal Readovka.
misinformation: enemy TG-channel RT extends the narrative that "Photo of K. Budanova is a dipfeyk or photoshop, because the birthday of the Budanova, which disappears, unnatural position and facial expression, which does not change, say that people say that people. that photo is false. "
Fake: The New York Times wrote: "Old graves are dug in Ukraine to free up space for soldiers who have been killed recently."
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/czpd-povidomlyaye-pro-manipulyacziyi-poshyreni-za-dobu-svitovymy-zmi/ 
Organized a pseudo -referendum in the occupied territory of Zaporizhzhya region - the Russian writer is suspected 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-21T57:00:00-04:00
Description: For the proprietary Kerivnitvva Obvorzky Prosecutors Grumadyan, the Russian Federation in absentia ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine will be in 2022 Or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 1-1-2.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'ОФІС ГЕНЕРАЛЬНОГО ПРОКУРОРА УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 Under the procedural leadership of the Zaporizhzhya Regional Prosecutor's Office, a citizen of RFAsonically reported suspicion of encroachment on the territorial integrity(Part 2 of Art. 110 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine). Про це повідомляє Office of the Prosecutor General
According to the investigation, after the capture of part of the territory of the Pologovsky district-occupying power to the position of the so-called head of the "Military-Grazhdanskayadminstration of the Rosovsky Poshovsky Administration of the Pologovsky District of the Azaporozhsky Region" appointed a writer from Moscow, author of books on conducting a tactical combat.
In order to implement the criminal plan of the occupying authorities to change the boundaries of the territory of the Tower Border of Ukraine, he has assigned its own orders to conduct a subsequent referendum on the territory of the occupied Rozivka. He also identified the agreed curators.
After the compulsory will of the invaders, the occupiers took active participation in the falsification of his results, which, as he was instructed, was published in the local telegram channel.
The pre -trial investigation in criminal proceedings is carried out by the SBU investigation in Zaporizhzhia region.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/ocholyv-okupaczijnyj-organ-ta-organizuvav-psevdoreferendum-na-zahoplenij-terytoriyi-zaporizkoyi-oblasti-pidozryuyetsya-rosijskyj-pysmennyk/ 
The enemy unsuccessfully tried to step on in four directions 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-21T59:00:00-04:00
Description: Opponent I did ZoServilu Zuill at the Limansky, Bakhmutsky, ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' bmp.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'БОЙОВІ ЗІТКНЕННЯ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГЕНЕРАЛЬНИЙ ШТАБ ЗС УКРАЇНИ', 'ГШ ЗСУ', 'РАНКОВЕ ЗВЕДЕННЯ']
Category: News
 🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
The enemy continues to focus on the Bakhmut, Avdeev and Marinsky directions in the Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariin directions. There were 40 combat clashes during the acquisition.
About it in your morning summary reports General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
In the Lyman direction, the enemy performed offensive actions in the direction of Kreminna-Yampolovka, in Bakhmutsky-in the direction of Orikhovo-Vasylivka of Donetsk region, on Avdiivsky-in the Avdiivka area, in Shakhtarsky-in the direction of the Non-Mikhailivka. In all these areas, the enemy failed to reach any way.
In Zaporizhzhya and Kherson directions, the enemy continues to conduct defense.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/vorog-bezuspishno-namagavsya-nastupaty-na-chotyroh-napryamkah-genshtab-zsu/ 
More than 4,000 Rosarmia tanks have destroyed Ukraine's defense forces since the beginning of large -scale aggression of the Russian Federation 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-21T61:00:00-04:00
Description: Zagalni Boyov, Find the enemy on 02.24.22 to 06/21/23 Orintovo to become: ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war, war With Ukraine in 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' zavantazhennya-1.png ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ВТРАТИ ВОРОГА', 'ГШ ЗСУ']
Category: News
 The total fighting loss of the enemy from 24.02.22 to 21.06.23 will be orientated:
Personnel - * 222000(+540)persons eliminated tanks - 4006(+9) combat armored vehicles - 7771(+21) Artillery systems - 3920(+32) RSZV - 615(+1) air defense means - 375(+3) aircraft - 314(0) helicopters - * 306(0) UAV Operative Tactical Level- 3428(+35) Winged missiles - 1214(0) ships / boats - * 18(0) Automobile equipment and tanks - 6667(+22) Special Technique - 539(+8)The data is specified ...
Beat the occupier!Let's win together!Our strength is in truth!
Source: General Staff of Armed Forces As of 21.06.23.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/ponad-4000-tankiv-rosarmiyi-znyshhyly-syly-oborony-ukrayiny-z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi-rf/ 
The enemy brought out a combat duty of the overwarf rocket launcher 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-21T8:00:00-04:00
Description: About Tslodomlya at his own company Storinzi at Facebook, the commanding of the commanding ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, there will be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' admiral-makarov-fregat.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ОК «ПІВДЕНЬ»', 'РАКЕТИ «КАЛІБР»', 'ЧОРНЕ МОРЕ']
Category: News
 About it reports On its official Facebook page, the Operational Command of the South.
"As of now, the ship group in the Black Sea has increased to 8 units: it was joined by the Admiral Makarov frigate, equipped with eight" caliber ", - the message reads.
“The level of rocket danger is increased!Air alarm signals are not aware, we go into shelter, ” - calls OK South.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/vorog-vyviv-na-bojove-cherguvannya-nadvodnyj-raketonosij/ 
In Belarus the preparation of units of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation for departure to the war is continuing 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-21T92:00:00-04:00
Description: About the General’s General Staff of the ZS Ukrainian at the operational іnformasyiyih ... war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 2e8764c661d48e9e87932ed2ad7f0386.webp ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ', 'НАВЧАННЯ В БІЛОРУСІ', 'ПІДГОТОВКА В РФ', 'РЕСПУБЛІКА БІЛОРУСЬ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo 🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
About it reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine in the prompt information on Russian coordination.
It is noted that more than 30 combat clashes of Ukrainian defenders and Russian invaders took place during the day. There are heavy fights in the Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Marinsky directions, where the enemy and supperly its major efforts. It is also reported that the preparation of units of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation before sending them to Ukraine continues in the territory of the Republic of Belarus.
“In the Volyn and Polissya directions, the operational situation without significant changes.
No signs of formation of offensive groups were detected.
At the landfills of the Republic of Belarus there are measures of combat preparation of the pelvis of units of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation before sending them to the areas of maintenance of the combat territory of Ukraine, ”the report reads.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/u-bilorusi-tryvaye-pidgotovka-pidrozdiliv-zs-rf-dlya-vidpravky-na-vijnu-v-ukrayinu/ 
Conference on Reconstruction in London: 19 countries have joined the platform in Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-21T94:00:00-04:00
Description: The Londoni PID HAS HAVE OF THE Conference Zwannnaya Vidnnnya Ukrainian-2023 (URC-2023) ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when , The war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 630_360_1687361672-416.jpg ']
Tags: []
Category: News
 In London during the Conference on Reconnection of Ukraine-2023(URC-2023)A Memorandum was signed on further cooperation between the EBRD with TAPORGANIZATIONS(Development Finance Institutions, DFI)As for the coordination of investing efforts(CO-INVESTING)In Ukraine, especially the sector of the economy. DFI has already joined the platform from 19 countries. It reports The Ministry of Economy press service.
The event was attended by the first Viceremier-Minister of Ukraine-Minister of Economy Ukraine Yulia Sviridenko, EBRD President Rena-Basso, DFI leaders, Deputy State Secretary of Foreign Affairs, Nations and Development of Nations Leo Dortya and other Britain.
“The post -war reconstruction of Ukraine will take place mainly thanks to the private capital. Therefore, it is extremely important for us to coordinate the efforts of international financial institutions for a more efficient and large -scale reconstruction of Ukraine with an emphasis in the private sector. Our cooperation should contribute to the restoration of economic, industry, infrastructure and normalization of life of people in Ukraine, ”Yulia Sviridenko stressed. 
According to the participants of the event, Ukraine's financial needs during the reconstruction period and go beyond any individual institution. Therefore, the Ukrainian Investment Platform will be required for careful coordination between partners to maximize the efficiency and impact of their measures.
The world's DFI and the EBRD also seek to expand this platform to the more search for institutions that will invest in Ukraine in the future.
Recall that on May 12, 2023 in Tokyo organization of development of development(Development Finance Institutions, DFI)G7 countries - JBIC(Japan), JICA(Japan), CDP(Italy), FinDev Canada(Canada), Proparco(France), DFC(USA),BII(United Kingdom), DEG(Germany)and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development(EBRD)Negotiated and agreed to create platforms between the EBRD and bilateral development agencies. Her work will get on the identified needs within the interagency donor platform coordination for Ukraine.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/konferencziya-z-vidbudovy-v-londoni-do-platformy-spivinvestuvannya-v-ukrayinu-doluchylysya-19-krayin/ 
Global hopes are focused on our country, and our people will justify them: Ukraine will win - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-21T98:00:00-04:00
Description: Having said about the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky at his Videozninni before ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 2cc8b226388c9e314d6eff8edcd54f4d_1686857689_extra_large.png ']
Tags: []
Category: News
 Volodymyr Zelenskyy
About it said President of Ukraine Volodymyrzelensky in his video address to Ukrainians.
_ "I wish health, dear Ukrainians!_
First. Front. Hard fighting. South - destroy the enemy. Donetsk region is destroying the mold. The Kupjansky direction _ --_ at least that Russian terrorists will be planned there, we will destroy the enemy.
In the south there is our movement forward. Thank you, warriors!In the east - we keep the defense. I am gratefully grateful, the guys, for each, a Russian helicopter. Each one is important.
Second. London. Today, our work with the British has started a special conference for Ukraine's restoration.
I thank you, Britain, for a new financial support package. Thank you, American, a suction of helping our infrastructure and energy. Thank you, the European Union, President of the European Commission Ursula von der Liaien, a financial instrument for our reconstruction of 50 billion euros.
The meaning of this conference in London is not simply to generate the efforts of the states _ -- our partners, but to keep our transformation in international business. The Ukrainian delegation is currently in Britain _ -- government, office, Verkhovna Rada, Public Sector. Each aspect of the Ukrainian restoration of the further development of our country will be represented by those figures of the world business whose attention is directly needed by us: our industries, cities, communities, country as a whole. The task of Ukraine is to transform the moralidation of our people into the economic leadership of our country. All the preconditions for this are, first of all, in our people, in our beautiful -sighted people.
Third. Finally, a new package of EU sanctions against Russia is approved. The part of its norms is prepared on the proposals of the International Sanction Group, which works under the chairmanship of Michael McFol and Andriy Ermak. This package will restrict Russia's profits that it has still received them in Europe, and will also overlap some of the ways of bypassing previously imposed sanctions. This is an instant from priority tasks.
All our partners are fully informed about how critically overlap all ways of bypassing sanctions. The terrorist state still has access to various products of components, technological and financial schemes created by those in the world, however, appreciates freedom and international law.And one more.
He accepted the certificates from the ambassadors of foreign states that came to Ukraine. New ambassadors. In total, more than 60 embassies and representations of states and more than 20 representations of international organizations have been working.
To work in Ukraine, to work with Ukraine _ --_ it is to believe in Ukraine and in Ukrainians. The world is with us despite everything that the state-gun is trying to do. 483th day of a full-scale war. It is in our country that focushygrophygrogal hopes. And our people will justify these hopes. Freedom will win. Ukraine will win.
I thank everyone who is fighting and working for Ukraine!
Glory to all who strengthens freedom!
Slav Ukraine! _ », - the President of Ukraine said._
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/na-nashij-derzhavi-sfokusovani-globalni-nadiyi-i-nashi-lyudy-yih-vypravdayut-ukrayina-peremozhe-volodymyr-zelenskyj/ 
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Bogdanivka, Kalinivka ... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T-10:24:00
Location: Novhorods'ke, Donetsk Oblast (Latitude:48.6261 Longtitude:37.59487)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22571008
At Bakhmut Direction Russian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Bohdanivka, Kalynivka, Chasiva, Ozaryanivka, Bila Hora, Kostyantynivka , Druzhba and Pivnichne of Donetsk Region. Russian AviationConducted Airstrikes at Druzhkivske, Kurdumivka and New York of Donetskregion, General Staff of Armed Force Says in the Morning Report Report Report
News Collection Link: https: \/\ \///////////////////////june-at-bakhmut-russian-ar-shylled-vasukivka 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5157 
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Alexandrovil, Ceramics, Novokalin, Berdyshi, C ... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T-12:24:00
Location: Donetsk (Latitude:48.08937 Longtitude:37.60732)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22571007
At Avdiyivka direction Russian army shelled Oleksandropil, Keramik,Novokalynove, Berdychi, Stepove, Avdiyivka, Tonenke, Syeverne, Pervomayske,Netaylove and Nevelske of Donetsk region. Russian aviation conductedairstrikes at Avdiyivka, Syeverne and Pervomayske, - General Staff of ArmedForces of Ukraine says in the morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-at-avdiyivka-direction-russian-army-shelled-oleksandropil 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5158 
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, Star, Acute, Marinka, Georgia ... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T-14:24:00
Location: Hirnyk,Donetsk Oblast (Latitude:48.03411 Longtitude:37.39796)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22571006
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Krasnohorivka, Zoryane, Hostre,Maryinka, Heorhiyivka, Kurakhove and Pobyeda of Donetsk region. Russianaviation conducted airstrikes at Krasnohorivka, - General Staff of ArmedForces of Ukraine says in the morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-at-maryinka-direction-russian-army-shelled-krasnohorivka 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5159 
Ukrainian scout causes rage in the Kremlin 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T-2:00:00-04:00
Description: The British magazine The Economist, having published a maturel about the head of the head management ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 20230621-02.jpg ']
Tags: ['ГУР МОУ', 'КИРИЛО БУДАНОВ', 'РОЗВІДКА']
Category: News
 The British magazine The Economist posted material Kiril Budanov, and the role of the department headed by him during a full -scale war with Russia, about the head of the Main Directorate of the Intelligence of Ukraine.
The journalists of the publication spoke with the fighting brothers Kirill Budanov, his subordinate officers, as well as intelligence of the Western powers to open the character of the head of Ukrainian military intelligence.
Kirill Budanov himself was asked about bold special operations, directed by the anti-state aggressor, as well as about the nuclear threat from Russia.
“We are in the war. The Kremlin's drones have shown the world that Russian defense is just a Potemkin village, ”Cyril Kirill quoted The Economist, noting that Ukraine did not confirm its involvement in the special operations of the Russian scent.
The head of the GUR of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine stressed that without the strategic defeat of Russia, there will be no tatransformation of power in it, and the risk of using a nuclear weapons aggressor is low.
“As a reconnaissance manager, I tell you straight - this will not be. With all my unfortunate Russian, there are not many idiots that govern the country, ”Kirilobudanov said.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ukrayinskyj-rozvidnyk-vyklykaye-lyut-u-kremli/ 
Ukraine expects that States and Canada will be the first to pass confiscated assets of the Russian Federation - Shmigal 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T-2:54:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T21:54:00+03:00
Description: After the International Commission for Confiscation of Assets of the Russian Federation and the relevant international fund is established, the US and Canada will be transferred the first frozen assets there. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16825... ']
Tags: ['Шмигаль', 'Війна з Росією', 'Єдині новини', 'Конфіскація активів']
Type: Article
 After the International Commission for Confiscation of RF assets will be created, the first frozen assets will be transferred to the US Ikanada.
This opinion was expressed by the Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal in the intervietel of the Inter, which was broadcast in the Telelorphone "Single News", summarizing the results of the two-day international conference on the reconstruction of Ukraine(Ukraine Recovery Conference)In London, Ukrinform reports.
"We have formed with partners an appropriate register of losses caused by Russia to Ukraine. The next two steps are the formation of the International Commission and the relevant international fund, where these funds will be accumulated. Partners will already start the inventory From the United States and Canada, they will already be in charge of the newly created fund, "Smigal said.
Read also: international partners support the confiscation of Russian assets in favor of Ukraine - Shmigal 
He expressed his hope that this will be the first precedent to open legal entities for other partners who still have some doubts or hesitate.
The Prime Minister reminded that the important message of the conference in London was the precisely all the partners that Russia should pay for the aggression and for all the tizes it caused Ukraine.
"We continue our work on creating international compensation mechanism, for confiscation Frozen Russian funds, for future reparations of imbutable compensation for those hundreds of billions of dollars that Russia applies to Ukraine, "he said.
Read also: Shmigal named steps to attract frozen assets to rebuild Ukraine 
According to him, today 400 businesses have joined the initiative of Ukraine.
Read also: money and investors: Shmigal summarized the conferences of recovery in London 
As it was reported, Ukraine is already preparing a mechanism that will allow to confiscate up to $ 500 billion frozen in the west of Russian assets.
The International Conference on Reconstruction of Ukraine was held in London on June 21-22(Ukraine Recovery Conference). Захід став продовженням щорічних конференційщодо реформ в Україні, які відбувалися з 2017 року.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726526-ukraina-ocikue-so-stati-ta-kanada-persimi-peredadut-konfiskovani-aktivi-rf-smigal.html 
Biden and fashion have declared a willingness to join forces for peace in Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T-3:45:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T21:45:00+03:00
Description: The United States and India are ready to combine efforts to establish peace in Ukraine, as well as to respond to global humanitarian consequences caused by Putin's war in Europe. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16849... ']
Tags: ['Байден', 'Індія', 'Агресія РФ', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Combine and India are ready to combine efforts to establish peace in Ukraine, as a response to the global humanitarian consequences caused by Putin's war in Europe.
The heads of the two states after meeting in the White House on Thursday have stated this, Ukrinform correspondent reports.
“In matters that are of the most relevant and that will determine the future, our circles look at each other, including critical regional taglobal problems. And today we have also talked about our joint efforts to mitigate humanitarian tragedies caused by the cruel war of Russia in Ukraine, as well as to protect the basic principles of the UN Charter, sovereignty of and territorial integrity, ”the White House Head said.
Read also: Biden considers the threat of Russian nuclear weapons real. What to do world and Ukraine 
India's Prime Minister, for his part, also emphasized the influence of the Kremlin's war in Europe and stressed that his country supported the diaplomatic path of resolving this issue.
“The Covid-19 pandemic and the conflict in Ukraine were particularly impressed by the countries of global. We believe that to solve these problems, all countries are completely united, ”the Indian prime minister said.
Read also: India has increased the import of Russian oil by 10 times -sma 
He stressed that "from the beginning of events in Ukraine, India has focused on the identification of disputes through dialogue and diplomacy." And now, he said, India is ready to fully make any contribution to the restoration of peace.
Read also: USA expects India to continue to buy Russian Naft at limited prices 
As reported by Ukrinform, US President Meet Joe Baiden and Prime Minister of the Narrodra Modi _ took place _ on Thursday in the White House. The Head of the Indian Government is a visit to the United States of America.
Foto from ukrainian.voanews.com 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726523-bajden-i-modi-vislovili-gotovnist-obednati-zusilla-dla-miru-v-ukraini.html 
Ukraine and Britain have concluded an energy partnership agreement 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T-4:00:00-04:00
Description: For the INNOVAN Foundation, the Plan of Vidіliti is 62 milioni pounds Sterlingiv. ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 630_360_1687361307-414.jpg ']
Tags: ['ЕНЕРГЕТИЧНА ВІДБУДОВА', 'МІНЕНЕРГО', 'УКРАЇНА - ВЕЛИКА БРИТАНІЯ']
Category: News
 For the Energy Innovation Fund, they plan to allocate 62 million pounds.
Ministry of Energy of Ukraine and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, for the Affairs of Nations and Development of the United Kingdom(FCDO)The Great Britain has entered into a memorandum on energy partnership between countries. The relevant document within the conference on the restoration of Ukraine, which continues to Olandon, was signed(http://mev.gov.ua/novyna/62-milyony-funtiv-sterlinhiv-dlya-fondu-innovatsiy-u-sferi-enerhetyky-ukrayina-ta-velyka)Ministry of Energy.
Ministry of Energy of Ukraine and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, for the Affairs of Nations and Development of the United Kingdom(FCDO)The Great Britain has made a memorandum on energy partnership between countries.
Within the framework of the Ukraine's renewal conference in London, the Minister of Energy of Ukraine Herman Galushchenko and the State Minister of Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Foreign Ministry of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the United Kingdom Leo Dorty.
The memorandum, in particular, involves the creation of a new challenge fund in InnovateUkraine innovations at 62 million pounds. The main purpose is to strengthen energy security. The initial contribution will be £ 1,0 million, the rest will be directed by parts by 2025. The codes will go to the energy innovations that will accelerate the process of reconstruction and restoration of Ukrainian energy infrastructure.
“Collaboration with British partners will allow to modernize the nudenergosystem and enhance its resistance to military threats, as well as create a basis for the development of" green "energy. In the near future, within this program, the Ukrainian energy sector will receive additional resources for repair and repair of damaged infrastructure. We thank our friends of the Britain for this support and help, ”Herman Galushchenko said.FCDO support will be coordinated through G7+ Group of Energy Support. In the near future, according to the URS program, the Ukrainian energy industry will provide resources to repair damaged infrastructure for the restoration of consumers' connection to electricity, gas and heat.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ukrayina-i-brytaniya-uklaly-dogovir-pro-energetychne-partnerstvo/ 
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Khrinivka, Yeline, Karpov... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T-4:24:00
Location: Seredyna-Buda,Sumy Oblast (Latitude:52.25313 Longtitude:32.84758)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22571011
At sivershchyna and slBozhanschyna directions Russian Army Shelled Khrinivka, Yeline, Karpovychi, Leonivka of Chernihiv Region; Seredyna-Buda, Porokhon, Sytne, Fotofyzh, Novi Vyrky, Volfyne, SHPYL, OBODY, DMYTRIVKA, KINDRATIVKA, LOKNYA, STEPNE, VELYKAA PYAKAA PYACA A, Udy, Veterynarne, Kozacha Lopan, VySoka Yaruha, Lyptsi, Alisivka, Buhruvatka, Starytsya, Vovchansk, Vovchanski Khutory, Bochkove, Pletenivka, Mala Vovcha, Varvarivka, Budarky, Rublene, Anyskyne, Miloove, Miloove, Miloove. Russianivation Conducted Aircrakes at Leonivka and Mykolayivka of Chernihiv Regionand Volfyne of Sumy Region, - General Staff of Armed Forces of Ukraine Says
News Collection Link:(https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-at-sivershchyna-and-slobozhanschyna-directions-russian)
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5154 
In Odessa, a man threw a strand from the children - she exploded 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T-4:33:48+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T21:33:48+03:00
Description: In Odessa, a drunken man threw a strand from the balcony of his apartment at the playground. The projectile exploded, the children were not injured. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Діти', 'Граната', 'Поліція']
Type: Article
 In the Odessa man, a man threw a strand from the balcony of his apartment. The projectile exploded, the children were not injured.
This was reported in SUNP of Odessa region , reports Ukrinform.
It is noted that the police appealed to the police of an apartment building to take a hurry to take measures about her neighbor, who from the balcony of his own home threw his right, where the children played, a grenade that exploded. The children were not injured because they were overwhelmed at a safe distance.
In the yard at the specified address law enforcement officers found the remains of a strikeball. The offender was a drunk 47-year-old man who told a police officer that he bought a grenade through the Internet, and threw it into the yard to decline the children who prevented him from resting. In the apartment of the husband, police found another such grenade.
Read also: in Ukraine tomorrow will work a single register of weapons -Expert clarification “The information on the specified fact was entered in the Unified Register of Pre -trial Investigations under Part 1 of Art. 296(hooliganism)The Criminal Code of Ukraine. The issue of notification of the person on the suspicion is raised, ”the incency added.
Investigative actions are ongoing.
As it was reported, in the Podilskyi district in one of the private households of the Kulynitsky OTG, law enforcement officers detained a man who attempted the involvement of two people, including a child.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726519-v-odesi-colovik-kinuv-u-ditej-strajkbolnu-granatu-vona-vibuhnula.html 
In the fall, the single register of weapons integrate with "action" - Deputy Minister 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T-5:31:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T21:31:00+03:00
Description: In the fall, the single register of weapons is planned to integrate with the action. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16634... ']
Tags: ['МВС', 'Зброя', 'Додаток “ДІЯ”', 'Реєстр', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 The arms register is planned to be integrated with the action.
About it on the air of the nationwide telephone "The only news" said the Deputy Minister of Internal Affairs Leonid Timchenko, Ukrinform reports.
"From tomorrow, when a single register of weapons will be implemented, it is in action will not be available yet. We work protested from the Ministry of Defense in this direction and plan that this fall, robust and November, will be integrated with the action, and every citizen can see the weapons, their permits, which are, with terms in the personal office in action, "Timchenko said.
Read also: in Ukraine tomorrow will work a single register of weapons -Expert clarification 
He added that the cost of registration of a weapon permit remains unchanged and determined by the CMU Resolution of 2007, but the procedure of payment for permission will be simpler, since the receipt can be attached to the package of documents that are sent to the weapons control units with a vestibule.
Also, from June 23, business entities will be able to submit weapons and obtain a permit in a single register when buying weapons.
Currently, according to Tymchenko, in Ukraine more than 700 thousand weapons, economic entities that receive direct access to the register of about 300, expert services that receive such access - about 130, as well as more than 700 police officers, which perform the functions of control over the control of weapons. All of them have an access to the registry and can enter information into it.
Read also: Ukrainians will be able to obtain permission to weapons in one click - the Ministry of Internal Affairs 
He recalled that the idea of creating a register arose more than a year ago, still a full -scale invasion of Russia into Ukraine. Due to the full -scale implementation of the register, it was delayed.
As reported by Ukrinform, from June 23 in Ukraine will start to work _ a single -register of weapons. _
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726517-voseni-edinij-reestr-zbroi-integruut-z-dieu-zastupnik-ministra.html 
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Krasne First, Figolivka, Novomlinsk, two -year, with ... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T-6:24:00
Location: Kramatorsk (Latitude:49.75887 Longtitude:37.71006)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22571010
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Krasne Pershe, Fyholivka,Novomlynsk, Dvorichna, Zapadne, Masutivka, Kyslivka and Berestove of Kharkivregion. Russian aviation conducted airstrikes at Synkivka of Kharkiv region, -General Staff of Armed Forces of Ukraine says in the morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-at-kupiansk-direction-russian-army-shelled-krasne 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5155 
CHE-2023 Among Youth: Starting Victory of England and Switzerland football players 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T-6:29:35+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T21:29:35+03:00
Description: At the European Football Championships (Grvtsu by 21st), regular matches of the group stage of the final tournament took place. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Футбол', 'Молодь']
Type: Article
 Griding Championships in Europe in football(Grvtsa by 21st)There were June matches of the group stage of the final tournament.
In the starting round of the Quartet C "Youth" of England beat peers from the Czech Republic -2: 0, and the teams of Germany and Israel played a draw - 1: 1, reports Ukrinform.
In the first match of group D, the Swiss won a volitional victory over the Norwegians -2: 1. Otherwise, this quartet is found in France and Italy.
Read also: Football Youth Team Started from the Victory of the European Championships We will remind, the day before the youth team of Ukraine caused defeat of Croatians(2:0).
В наступному матчі «синьо-жовті» 24 червня зіграють з Румунією. Початок матчу- о 19.00 за київським часом.
Фото: Getty Images/Global Images Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726516-ce2023-sered-molodi-startovi-peremogi-futbolistiv-anglii-ta-svejcarii.html 
The situation at the Zaporozhye NPP is stable: the head of the Ova has published an appeal 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T-7:29:22+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T21:29:22+03:00
Description: The Russian military is kept for heavy weapons and staff, shelling periodically damages high -voltage lines that give electricity to the needs of the station. But despite the occupation, the situation for the NPP is stable. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16597... ']
Tags: ['Запорізька АЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Russian Russian is kept for heavy weapons and staff, shelling periodically damages high -voltage lines, which give electricity to the station. But despite the occupation, the situation for the NPP is stable.
About it in your appeal said Yuri Malashko, the Golovazapozhya Regional Military Administration, Ukrinform reports.
Vido: Telegram-channel of the head of the Zaporizhzhia Regional Military Administration 
"Today, the largest nuclear power plant in Europe again at the Epicenter of attention. Intelligence reported to the President of Ukraine that Russia is considering a script of a terrorist act, this time on the Russian military.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-aes)Heavy weapons tangible composition, shelling periodically damaging high -voltage lines, which are electricity for the needs of the station. Despite the occupation, the situation is too stable. Ukrainian experts are on the spot, " - said in the address.
Read also: [in the territory of the occupied Zaporizhzhya NPPs were mines(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726375-na-teritorii-okupovanoi-zaporizkoi-aes-buli-mini-magate.html)Malashko recalled that the nuclear facility specialists are actually the second river as hostages, but they continue to protect the peaceful atom and work in difficult conditions.
"Operational staff control the condition of the units and ensures their operations according to the requirements. We know who we are dealing with, and therefore the head of any development is ready," the Ova chairman assured.
Read also: Russia will warn of the consequences of a possible terrorist attack on ZPP - Dmytro Kuleba The regional authorities, together with the profile services, have developed relevant plans of the act repeatedly conducted special exercises in the event of real nuclear zagsis.
Read also: [the Ministry of Health gave advice to Ukrainians what to do in the case(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726454-moz-dalo-poradi-ukraincam-so-robiti-v-razi-radiacijnoi-avarii.html)
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726515-situacia-na-zaporizkij-aes-stabilna-golova-ova-opriludniv-zvernenna.html 
Morshyn opened a shelter for women who suffered from domestic violence 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T-8:16:06+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T21:16:06+03:00
Description: Shelter for women and children affected by domestic violence was opened in Morshyn in Lviv region. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Домашнє насильство', 'Львівщина', 'Житло', 'допомога', 'Моршин']
Type: Article
 Shelter for women and children affected by the dawn violence was opened in Morshynin.
About it in telegram reports the Ova, reports Ukrinform.
The institution will provide complex socio-psychological, medical, primary legal assistance, as well as information services to the victims.
“The establishment is designed for 24 beds and is equipped with all necessary for women with children But without. The total area of the building is 460,214 m2, ”the message reads.
It is noted that the accommodation will be free of charge and can last up to 90 days.
Read also: in Lviv conducted a performer against sexual discipleship It was reported that the victims of sexual violence during the war of Tadomash's Violence may [receive free legal assistance of the resign(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3710030-ak-otrimati-pravovu-dopomogu-vid-derzavi-postrazdalim-vid-seksualnogo-nasilstva.html) .
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726512-u-morsini-vidkrili-prihistok-dla-zinok-aki-postrazdali-vid-domasnogo-nasilstva.html 
AT Liman Direction Russian Army Welled Stelmakhivka, Nevsk, Dibrova, Kuzmin, Bilonorivka about ... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T-8:24:00
Location: Bilohorivka (Latitude:48.92633 Longtitude:38.2695)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22571009
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Stelmakhivka, Nevske, Dibrova,Kuzmyne, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, Verkhnokamyanske, Spirneand Rozdolivka of Donetsk region. Russian aviation conducted airstrikes atNovoyehorivka and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Siversk of Donetsk region,- General Staff of Armed Forces of Ukraine says in the morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-at-lyman-direction-russian-army-shelled-stelmakhivka 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5156 
Russian army conducted missile strike at Kryvyi Rih district 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T01:33:00
Location: Kryvyi Rih (Latitude:47.86243 Longtitude:33.41835)
Videos: []
Images: [" 22570880_0.jpg ", " 22570880_1.jpg ", " 22570880_2.jpg "]
Tags: []
Id: 22570880
Russian army conducted missile strike at Kryvyi Rih district
   News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-russian-army-conducted-missile-strike-at-kryvyi-rih 
News Source: https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/54979 
Bridge between occupied Crimea and Kherson region was damaged in a missile strike 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T01:37:33
Location: Chonhar, Khersons'ka oblast (Latitude:45.98763 Longtitude:34.55256)
Videos: []
Images: [" 22570881_0.jpg ", " 22570881_1.jpg ", " 22570881_2.jpg ", " 22570881_3.jpg "]
Tags: []
Id: 22570881
Bridge between occupied Crimea and Kherson region was damaged in a missilestrike
    News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-bridge-between-occupied-crimea-and-kherson-region 
News Source: https://t.me/SALDO_VGA/929 
EU Enlargement: Today, the EU Commission will present the oral assessment of progress in the ... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T02:44:00
Location: Bruxelles, Bruxelles (Latitude:50.84949 Longtitude:4.36353)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Moldova", "Caucasus"]
Id: 22570964
EU Enlargement: Today, the EU Commission will present the oral assessment ofprogress in the implementation of the preconditions for EU membership byUkraine, Moldova and Georgia
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-eu-enlargement-today-the-eu-commission-will-present 
News Source: https://twitter.com/DionisCenusa/status/1671756008408903680 
Russian army used Kh-22, Kh-47 Kindzhal missiles and Shahed 136\/131 drones to attack Ukraine... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T03:56:18
Location: Kryvyi Rih (Latitude:47.79405 Longtitude:33.36412)
Videos: []
Images: [" 22570962_0.jpg "]
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22570962
Russian army used Kh-22, Kh-47 Kindzhal missiles and Shahed 136/131 drones toattack Ukraine overnight. 3 drones were shot down by air defense
 News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-russian-army-used-kh22-kh47-kindzhal-missiles-and 
News Source: https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/55000 
President Zelensky says that Ukrainian intelligence has received information that Russia is s... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T05:03:26
Location: Kyiv, Kyiv city (Latitude:50.44329 Longtitude:30.52946)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia", "Europe"]
Id: 22570996
President Zelensky says that Ukrainian intelligence has received informationthat Russia is studying a scenario of terrorist attack at the Zaporizhianuclear power plant
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-president-zelensky-says-that-ukrainian-intelligence 
News Source: https://twitter.com/SkyNewsArabia_B/status/1671803953233682434 
Putin discussed war in Ukraine with Russian Security council, admitted that Ukraine has offe... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T05:20:38
Location: Moskva, Moscow (Latitude:55.74992000 Longtitude:37.61839000)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Central and Eastern Europe", "Russia"]
Id: 22571000
Putin discussed war in Ukraine with Russian Security council, admitted thatUkraine has offensive potential at the moment
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-putin-discussed-war-in-ukraine-with-russian-security 
News Source: https://t.me/rusbrief/128477 
Ukraine defence forces have partial success in advance at Rivnopil – Staromayorske and Biloho... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T05:24:00
Location: Velyka Novosilka (Latitude:47.75883 Longtitude:36.78497)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe"]
Id: 22571012
Ukraine defence forces have partial success in advance at Rivnopil –Staromayorske and Bilohorivka – Dibrova directions, - General Staff of ArmedForces of Ukraine says in the morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-ukraine-defence-forces-have-partial-success-in-advance 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5153 
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novoocheretuvate, Neskuchne, Blah... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T05:25:00
Location: Zaporizhiye (Latitude:47.58151 Longtitude:35.35881)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22571003
At zaporizhzhzhia and kherson directions Russian army shelled novoochertuvate, Neskuchchne, Blahodatne, Makarivka, Storozheve, Zelene Pole, Temyrivka, NOVOPILAA, NOVOPILAA, NOVOPILACA Levadne, Chervone, Huliapole, Novoandriyivka, Stepove, Pyatykhatky, Lobkove, Kamyanske of Zaporizhzhia Region; Zolota Balka, Mykhaylivka, Novoooleksandrivka, Dudchany, Kachkarivka, Shlyakhove, Kozatske, Mykolayivka, Burhunka, Ivanivka, Sadove, Pryove, Pryyvka HNE, ZYMIVNYK, BILOZERKA, ROMASHKOVE, ANTONIVKA, Kherson, Dniprovske, Kizomys of Kherson Region and Ochakiv of Mykolaiv Region .
News Collection Link:(https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-at-zaporizhzhia-and-kherson-directions-russian-army)
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5161 
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T05:35:45
Location: Zaporizhzhia (Latitude:47.50294 Longtitude:35.46232)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22571002
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions.Ukrainian military had 40 combat engagements with Russian forces near Dibrovaand Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Serebryanka of Donetsk region, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Ivanivske and Bila Hora, Avdiyivka, Syeverne and Pervomayske,Maryinka, Pobyeda and Novomykhaylivka, Vuhledar of Donetsk region, Pyatykhatkyof Zaporizhzhia region , - General Staff of Armed Forces of Ukraine says inthe morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-russian-forces-conducting-offensive-actions-in-donetsk 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5162 
5 person wounded as result of Russian missile strike in Pokrovsk yesterday 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T06:18:28
Location: Pokrovsk (Latitude:48.27897 Longtitude:37.17928)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22571017
5 person wounded as result of Russian missile strike in Pokrovsk yesterday
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-5-person-wounded-as-result-of-russian-missile-strike 
News Source: https://t.me/suspilnenews/21914 
Moldova MFA summoned Russian Ambassador after representative of Russian occupation authorities... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T09:32:09
Location: Chișinău, Chișinău (Latitude:47.02333 Longtitude:28.82658)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Moldova", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22571026
Moldova MFA summoned Russian Ambassador after representative of Russianoccupation authorities in parts of Kherson region threatened to strike abridge in Moldova
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-moldova-mfa-summoned-russian-ambassador-after-representative 
News Source: https://t.me/channel24_ua/93482 
The Russians sent 18 billion cubic meters of uncontrolled water - the head of the Kherson Ova 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T0:00:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:00:00+03:00
Description: Kherson Ova Chairman Alexander Proudin remotely joined the Conference on the Restoration of Ukraine, which takes place in London and spoke about the catastrophic consequences of the blast of the Dams of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plant. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16867... ']
Tags: ['Херсонщина', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Golovharson OVA Oleksandr Prokudin remotely joined the conference of Ukraine's circulation in London and spoke about the catastrophic mining of the Dam of the Kakhovsk Hydroelectric Power Plant.
About it in telegram Kherson reports, Ukrinform reports.
“The medium -term and long -term consequences of this catastrophe is even difficult to imagine. We are talking about food, environmental, economic carols on the radiation security of the world, ”Proudin said.
Read also: Evacuation of people from Kherson region - free: Vereshchukniva was about criminal liability 
He reported that in the liberated part of the Kherson region destroyed or damaged 13,000 infrastructure, thousands of private and apartment buildings, 400 educational institutions and 250 health care facilities. Discharges of electricity and gas pipelines. More than 3800 buildings have been harmed on the right right birch. 31 water supply facilities were injured, 28 large industrial sites were flooded. Irrigation systems are destroyed, mass death of fish, cattle and plants is observed.
“The invaders destroyed 31 cities and almost all roads. We need to exchange 680 hectares of liberated territories. Russian terrorists blew up the Kakhovsk hydroelectric power station Tanaued 18 billion cubic meters of uncontrolled water. While our people gotten in the water, they shot the evacuation boats, ”Proprokudin stressed.
He added that Kherson region is grateful to the world community for help and open to cooperation.
Read also: damage from Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants can reach hundreds of hryvnias - minister 
As reported, the International Conference of Ukraine is held in London on June 21-22 in London(Ukraine Recovery Conference).
Фото: Херсонська ОВА 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726525-rosiani-napravili-na-nas-18-milardiv-kubometriv-nekontrolovanoi-vodi-golova-hersonskoi-ova.html 
The General Staff showed in the work of military communications 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T0:00:00-04:00
Description: “Zv’yazov is the basis of managing the Vieiski, the fighting bolts of that zbriyu. And Zv'yazkіvtsi --... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine latest news today, news war with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine will be or not, it will be or not, it will be whether the war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 355658742_609543924692023_4445201707212037288_n.jpg ', ' 355678064_609543898025359_3491967545320810868_n-150x150.jpg ', ' 355660332_609544014692014_8713569332677883317_n-150x150.jpg ', ' 355701823_609544024692013_1871213530481804349_n-150x150.jpg ', ' 355440437_609543964692019_6053549815869959800_n-150x150.jpg ', ' 355670631_609544034692012_4704374300242646441_n-150x150.jpg ']
Tags: ["ВІЙСЬКОВІ-ЗВ'ЯЗКІВЦІ", 'ГЕНШТАБ ЗС УКРАЇНИ', 'ГШ ЗСУ']
Category: News
 “Communication is the basis of troops, combat equipment and weapons.
And communications are the same people who provide information exchange during the rapid course of hostilities and in all weather conditions, ”it is said.
!(Images/AРМІЯINFORM/2023-06-22T0-00-00-04-00/355678064_609543898025359_3491967545320810868_n-150x150.jpg) 
 
 
 
 Photo: Public Relations Service of the Separate Artillery Brigade of the Armed Forces of Ukraine_
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/genshtab-pokazav-u-roboti-vijskovyh-zvyazkivcziv/ 
Rocket troops and artillery of the Armed Forces during the day were struck by 13 articles and 3 points of management of the occupiers 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T10:00:00-04:00
Description: About the General Headquarters of the ZS Ukrainian. “PIDRODILI of missiles ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, there will be a war with Ukraine in 2022, will it be or not, will there be, whether it will be, will it be The war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' artylerysty.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ']
Category: News
 Illustrative Photo 🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
About it reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
"The missile troops and artillery units were struck by 3 points of management, 1 anti-aircraft missile complex, 2 areas of concentration of personnel and military equipment of the enemy, 13 artillery facilities at firing lines, 2 HR stations and the enemy ammunition composition,"-said.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/raketni-vijska-ta-artyleriya-zsu-protyagom-doby-urazyly-13-artustanovok-ta-3-punkty-upravlinnya-okupantiv/ 
Drone was shot down in attempt to attack military plant in Suzemka of Briansk region 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T10:48:21
Location: Suzemka (Latitude:52.32779 Longtitude:34.06328)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22571029
Drone was shot down in attempt to attack military plant in Suzemka of Brianskregion
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-drone-was-shot-down-in-attempt-to-attack-military 
News Source: https://t.me/breakingmash/45207 
To reduce the voltage between Kosovo and Serbia EU proposes to hold new local elections 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T10:53:52+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:53:52+03:00
Description: The European Union proposes to hold new municipal elections in northern Kosovo with the unconditional participation of the Serbian population of these regions. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16721... ']
Tags: ['Євросоюз', 'Косово', 'Сербія', 'Вучич', 'Боррель']
Type: Article
 The European Union proposes to hold new municipal elections in the northern Kosovoz's unconditional participation of the Serbian population of these regions.
This was stated in Brussels today by the EU High Representative Josep Borrel with the suspicion of an extraordinary meeting with Serbia President Alexandar Vuchich Tapremier-Minister Kosovo Albina Kurty, Ukrinform correspondent reports.
"For almost four weeks we see how the resolution in the north Kosovo, with protests and violent collisions.(International stabilization forces in Kosovo under the auspices of NATO - ed.), journalists, law enforcement officers and ordinary residents were injured, and we have been dying about these incidents every day. This is unacceptable, and it cannot be deemed, ”the EU High Representative emphasized.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726123-borrel-zaprosiv-lideriv-serbii-ta-kosovo-na-terminovi-peregovori-do-brussela.html)To reduce tension, the high EU representative invited President Serbia Tapremier-Minister Kosovo to arrive in Brussels to participate in a crisis management meeting. He thanked both leaders for consent to arrive in Brussels Tasrobrob to find ways to reduce tension. At the same time, Serbia's leaders did not have a personal meeting, they met with representatives of the European side, who tried to agree on the measures of de -escalation.
The European side has presented the parties with a clear vision of such measures. In particular, Kosovo should immediately stop a police operation near municipal buildings in northern Kosovo, and allow four mayors to perform their duties with the margins of these municipal buildings. In turn, Serbia should provide all participants in protests from the municipal buildings where they know, at the same time as Kosovo's police are allocated.
Both sides have to declare early elections, to make it faster and the prerequisites for Kosovo Serbs.
Read also: Serbia President has put forward a condition for continuing the prime minister Kosov And in Brussels 
He noted that there could be no impunity for violence, they are held accountable to a legal, professional tapestry.
“After four -hour meetings, I think both leaders understand the severity of stations. Obviously, they are in different situations, have different approaching different interpretations on causes, consequences and possible decisions. On the basis of EU propositions, we have agreed around the need for new elections, and discussing the specific details, ways and modality, how to achieve it, ”the EU High Representative said.
Read also: Kosov O enhances control on the border with Serbia post -fertilizer with police He also stressed that the parties should stop arbitrary arrests. The EU's Civil Protection Mission in Kosovo will play a more decisive role in this context. Borrel called President Vuchich immediately and unconditionally released for three Kosovo police officers who are currently in Serbia. He also questioned the investigation and taking legal measures for factual treatment of detained people in Kosovo.
“I and EU special representative Miroslav Laichak will be in constant contact with the parties in the next days. I will inform the Ministers of the EU foreign law on Monday, where we are, and in what direction we have to move, ”Josep Borrel said.
It was reported that KOsovo's clashes between local police are the Tseuzers of shares that protest against the arrival of mayors, which are ethnic albanists, in areas of residence of the Serbian population.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726542-dla-znizenna-naprugi-miz-kosovo-i-serbieu-es-proponue-provesti-novi-miscevi-vibori.html 
The President on the Situation of the ZPP: The world must know and act 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T11:59:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:59:00+03:00
Description: Ukraine provided international partners with full information about the situation around the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant and the actions of Russian invaders. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16596... ']
Tags: ['Зеленський', 'Запорізька АЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Ukrainian hasanized full information on the international partners regarding the situation of the Zaporozhye Nuclear Power Plant and the actions of the Russian invaders.
About it during video address President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said.
"They briefed for partner countries on the situation in the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power. Simple: the world should know what the occupier prepares. Everyone who knows should act, "Zelensky said.
Read also: Zelensky instructed Klimenko to carry out an explanatory work with the population about the risks at ZPP The President stressed that after the Russian terrorist attack on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, the Tascotted strikes of terrorists on other dams and energy objects, no illusions about Russia.
"It is Russia that is now the global center of cynicism, and from there may be any order for any evil that they expect to mask under one or another. Everyone understands that intelligence countries can give appropriate signals, they can press. This is needed, "the President said.
Volodymyr Zelensky noted that Ukraine will continue to inform partners.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726540-usi-hto-zaplusiv-oci-na-okupaciu-zaes-rosieu-fakticno-spriaut-teroru-zelenskij.html)Information will also be provided to those countries that keep some neutrality.
"Obviously, radiation does not ask who is neutral and can reach anyone. Accordingly, anyone in the world can help now, and what to do is quite aware," Zelensky said.
As reported by Ukrinform, earlier the President of Ukraine stated that the Russian Federation was considering the scenario of conducting a terrorist act at the Zaporizhzhya atomic power plant and has already prepared everything for it.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726543-prezident-pro-situaciu-na-zaes-svit-povinen-znati-ta-diati.html 
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated 650 invaders, destroyed 21 Artsystem and 12 BBM 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T12:00:00-04:00
Description: Zagalni Boyov, Find the enemy on 02/24/22 to 06/22/23 Orintovo to become: ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war, war With Ukraine in 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' c5bc0646-1f8b-4352-b8ce-3dd2c9196a3f-scaled.jpg ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ВТРАТИ ВОРОГА', 'ГШ ЗСУ']
Category: News
 The total fighting loss of the enemy from 24.02.22 to 22.06.23 will be orientated:
Personnel - * 222650(+650)persons eliminated tanks - 4013(+7) combat armored vehicles - 7783(+12) Artillery systems - 3941(+21) RSZV - 617(+2) air defense - 376(+1) aircraft - 314(0) helicopters - * 307(+1) UAV Operative Tactical Level- 3438(+10) Winged missiles - 1214(0) ships / boats - * 18(0) Automobile equipment and tanks - 6678(+11) Special Technique - 539(0)The data is specified ...
Beat the occupier!Let's win together!Our strength is in truth!
Source: General Staff of Armed Forces As of 22.06.23.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-650-okupantiv-znyshhyly-21-artsystemu-i-12-bbm/ 
Pentagon has not confirmed the US involvement in the planning of blows on bridges in the Crimean area 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T13:05:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T23:05:00+03:00
Description: The US Department of Defense does not confirm that the US side was involved in the planning and damage of bridge structures in the Crimean Peninsula. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15880... ']
Tags: ['Чонгар', 'Пентагон', 'США', 'Міст']
Type: Article
 The US Defense Ministry does not confirm that the US side was attached to the planning and damage of bridge structures in the area of the Crimean Powder.
About this on Thursday during a briefing a spokesman of the Pentagon, General Patriarkireder, reports his own correspondent of Ukrinform.
“It is Ukraine's struggle, they plan and conduct these fighting. We focus on cooperation with them, our allies and partners to make sure(Armed Forces - Ed.)have combat capabilities necessary to protect their own country and return part of the territories, ”the US defense representative said.
Read also: Chubarov: The invaders are confused, undermined the Chongar bridge complicated their logistics In response to the clarifying question, whether the US side of the election and blow on the bridges joined, the General repeated that the fighting was conducting the Armed Forces.
"They choose goals and fulfill this mission," the Penthane representative emphasized.
Read also: Kongar Bridge blow: occupiers send transport to Armenian and Perekop As reported by Ukrinform, on the Chongar bridge connecting the temporary -heated Crimea with mainland Ukraine, a blow was hit, the movement of bridge -tumped. In addition, a blow to the old bridge through Sivash was also hit.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3726545-pentagon-ne-pidtverdiv-pricetnist-ssa-do-planuvanna-udariv-po-mostah-v-rajoni-krimu.html 
The World Bank and Donors provide Ukraine with an additional $ 1.76 billion for recovery - Denis Shmigal 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T14:00:00-04:00
Description: SVITOVY Bank Tu Inshi Country-Partnery Poddatatkokovi 1.75 Millard Dulariv on ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when The war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' thumb_205044_820_360_0_0_auto.jpg ']
Tags: ['ДЕНИС ШМИГАЛЬ', 'КОНФЕРЕНЦІЯ', 'КОНФЕРЕНЦІЯ У ЛОНДОНІ', 'СВІТОВИЙ БАНК']
Category: News
 The World Bank and other partner countries provide Ukraine with an additional 1.75 billionadolars for emergency care and recovery measures.
About it reports Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal.
During the Conference on the Restoration of Ukraine in London, he stressed that a world bank became one of the leaders in the mobilization of resources to assist Ukraine after the start of a large -scale war.
"Today, we have signed the next $ 500 million funding agreement with $ 1.76 billion in $ 500 million from the Britain's assistance package.
According to him, the funds will be directed to the salaries of rescuers, payment of pensions, support of low -income families, children with disabilities, internally displaced persons, single mothers, as well as for payment services under the medical guarantee program.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/svitovyj-bank-i-donory-nadayut-ukrayini-dodatkovi-176-mlrd-na-vidnovlennya-denys-shmygal/ 
The Ukrainian national team started at the European Cadet Championship 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T14:10:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T23:10:00+03:00
Description: Ukrainian cadets have begun a speech at the European Judo Championships, which will last until June 24 in Obielash (Portugal). - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Дзюдо']
Type: Article
 UKRAINE Without awards, Ukrainian Judo Championships began without awards, which will be lifted until June 24 in Odivelash(Portugal).
Як повідомляє пресслужба The Judoukraine Federation, more than 400 judoists have been declared for the competition under 18 years of 40 countries, including 16 representatives of the national team of Ukraine.
Portugal went to the strongest Ukrainian cadets, which are well manifested at the stages of the European Cup and the National Championship.
_ Full of the Ukrainian team for the European Championship among the cadets 2023: _
Cadets: Ivan Trofimov(up to 50 kg), Danilo Avramenko, Nikita Malets(up to 55 kg), Danilo Kravchenko(up to 60 kg), Danilo Fedorik, Vladislav Protsenko(up to 66 kg), Taras Nelzev, Stanislav Sagir(up to 73 kg), Nikita Yuanov(up to 90 kg), Yaroslavlchenko(More than 90 kg).
кадетки: Віола Мєлєшкова (up to 44 kg), Margarita Miroshnichenko(up to 48 kg), Elizabeth Yemelyanova, Anastasia Levchenko(up to 52 kg), Christina Opanasenko(do63 kg), Anna Oliynyk-Korniyko(up to 70 kg).
Читайте також: Українські дзюдо їсти здобули 5 медалей на чемпіонатіЄвропи серед ветеранів According to the head coach of the cadet national team Sergei Drebot, the athletes have performed the entire planned volume of work, well -tuned both physically and and psychologically.
Photo: Ukrainejudo.com.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726546-zbirna-ukraini-z-dzudo-startuvala-na-cempionati-evropi-sered-kadetiv.html 
Peter Paul called quite justified changes in conditions for Ukrainian refugees in the Czech Republic 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T14:36:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T14:36:00+03:00
Description: Changes in the living conditions of Ukrainian refugees in the Czech Republic require changes in the rules of their stay. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Чехія', 'Україна', 'Біженці', 'Петр Павел']
Type: Article
 Changes in the habitat of Ukrainian refugees in the Czech Republic require changes in the rules of their interruption.
This was stated by the President of the Czech Republic Peter Pavel at the International Conference "Media and Ukraine", which is conducted by Czech Radio on June 22, Ukrinform correspondent reports.
"It is quite logical that… if the conditions that were used at the initial stage, across the half of the year have changed, then the rules must be reworked," - commented the Pavel Document of Lex Ukraine Vina V, which he signed in the spring.
He called it clear and fair that if one of the refugees found a work, integrated into society, sent children to school, leads such as citizens of the Czech Republic, then the conditions provided by the Czech authorities should be not allowed for those who apply to their own citizens.
The President noted that more than half a million Ukrainian refugees In the Czech Republic, at the beginning of the war, less than 300,000 were now available, many of them found a job that reduced the budget.
He noted that "solidarity is needed, but it is not provided once."
Read also: Stay live and work in Lithuania plans one third of Ukrainian refugees In general, the problems with the adoption of refugees of the war were "minimal", everything went "much better than could be expected", in particular, fears of daily aspects when receiving refugees were not justified, Pavel stressed.
According to the Lex Ukraine V document, the main changes apply to financial assistance, solidarity, social housing and health insurance payments for Ukrainian who arrived in the country after the war began. Some of the amendments, in particular, have been in force on medical insurance as early as April 1, the rest will acquire the validity on July 1, 2023.
Read also: States Over $ 8 millions on Support Ukrainian refugee in Czech ** * 
The International Conference was organized by Czech Radio. At the opening, the President of the Czech Republic Petr Pavel, the mayor of Kiev Vitaliy Klitschko connected online, because he could personally come to Prague personally because of the situation in the capital of Ukraine.
In the morning, the site of Czech Radio has experienced a powerful hacker attack, and social media networks are conducted.
Foto: novinky.cz 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726318-petr-pavel-nazvav-cilkom-vipravdanimi-zmini-v-umovah-dla-ukrainskih-bizenciv-u-cehii.html 
Fire reported after explosions in Kherson 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T14:58:04
Location: Kherson (Latitude:46.63859 Longtitude:32.61154)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22571070
Fire reported after explosions in Kherson
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-fire-reported-after-explosions-in-kherson 
News Source: https://t.me/c/1206076820/41988 
President Zelensky dismissed the Ambassador of Ukraine to Belarus Kyzym 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T15:05:00
Location: Kyiv, Kyiv city (Latitude:50.44425 Longtitude:30.52903)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Belarus"]
Id: 22571074
President Zelensky dismissed the Ambassador of Ukraine to Belarus Kyzym
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-president-zelensky-dismissed-the-ambassador-of-ukraine 
News Source: https://t.me/suspilnenews/21927 
Zelensky announced new steps for the spiritual independence of Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T15:16:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T23:16:00+03:00
Description: The President of Ukraine held a meeting on the spiritual independence of Ukraine. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16870... ']
Tags: ['Книжковий Арсенал', 'Тероризм', 'Зеленський']
Type: Article
 The President of Ukraine held a meeting on the spiritual independence of Ukraine.
About it during video address President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said, Ukrinform reports.
"He also held a meeting on the spiritual independence of Ukraine-we continue the relevant work, and there will be new steps. Obviously, there can be no truly ties with a terrorist state and those who justify murder, murder of Ukrainians and cover evil. Every day and every night The terror is proved. And we will reach the moment when all the dependence on Russia, which someone is trying to manipulate somewhere, will be destroyed, " - saidzelensky.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725990-ak-u-mihajlivskomu-sobori-svatili-angeliv-ohoronciv.html)The President thanked everyone who protects our country in the south, east, Zaporozhye, Donetsk, Luhansk and those who work for the sake of Ukraine.
He also noted the work of the next "Book Arsenal" In Kiev, and called on to visit him.
"I want to particularly thank all those who, even at such a time, even in such circumstances, puts their efforts that our people and our country are small cultural power. Today, another" book Aresenal "has begun in Kiev." Arsenal "is the one the word that best characterizes the meaning of culture. What makes people people. What makes humanity more stronger. What protects our experience through time - everyone and everyone, all of our Ukraine, all our Ukraine, all our Europe, all our humanity . Any, if you have the opportunity, visit one of these days of the Book Arsenal and always support cultural power, "Vladimir Zelensky said.
Read also: Tkachenko hopes that the BP will consider the law of religious organizations As reported by Ukrinform, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky and the first laviolet Zelensk visited the opening of the Book Arsenal-2023 in Kiev.
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726547-zelenskij-anonsuvav-novi-kroki-dla-duhovnoi-nezaleznosti-ukraini.html 
Any use of a tactical nuclear weapon by Russia, Belarus, or their proxies, or the destruction... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T15:17:42
Location: Washington, District of Columbia (Latitude:38.88981 Longtitude:-77.00899)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia", "Belarus"]
Id: 22571072
Any use of a tactical nuclear weapon by Russia, Belarus, or their proxies, orthe destruction of a nuclear facility that disperses radioactive contaminantsinto NATO territory would be viewed as an attack on NATO itself - resolutionintroduced by @SenBlumenthal @LindseyGrahamSC
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-any-use-of-a-tactical-nuclear-weapon-by-russia-belarus 
News Source: https://twitter.com/ostapyarysh/status/1671955878180782099 
The Russian Mi-24 helicopter crashed in Belarus 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T15:37:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T15:37:00+03:00
Description: In Baranovichi district of Brest region, Belarus crashed Mi-24 helicopter. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Білорусь', 'Вертоліт', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Mi-24 helicopter of the Brest region of the Brest region of Belarus crashed.
About it reports Ukrinform with reference to telegram-channel Ministry of Defense.
“Today, about 13 hours 30 minutes in the Baranovichi district, he made a hard work Helicopter Mi-24. The helicopter was injured, there are no destruction and victims of the ground, ”the message reads.
The causes of the accident are established by the commission.
Read also: Ukrainian military destroyed Russian helicopter ITMI-24 Edition Kharty-97 It specifies that the aircraft belongs to the DOP of Russia and publishes a photo from the scene of the accident.
Mi-24("Crocodile")- Soviet/Russian shock helicopter. The crew - tripod, can carry up to eight paratroopers.
Foto: Charter-97 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726356-u-bilorusi-rozbivsa-rosijskij-vertolit-mi24.html 
IOC excluded the International Boxing Association from its composition 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T15:37:21+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T15:37:21+03:00
Description: At a meeting of the Executive Committee of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), they decided to exclude the International Boxing Association (IBA), managed by the Russian Umar Kremlov, from the organization. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Бокс', 'МОК']
Type: Article
 Nayvasidnii of the Executive Committee of the International Olympic Committee(Mok)Decided to exclude the International Boxing Association(Other), which is managed by Umar Kremlin, from the organization.
This was reported press service IOC, reports Ukrinform.
The IOC Executive Council concluded that IBA failed to fulfill the conditions that were set before it.
69 IOC members voted for, 1 against. In addition, the organization recommends that boxing in the program of the following Olympic Games, which will take place in Paris in 2024.
IBA has reported that the Russian and Belarussian athletes have brothers in international competitions using national symbols. The Associations have refused to participate in the Women's and Men's Championships of Ukraine, the United Kingdom, the USA, Poland and a number of other countries.
Read also: [athletes from Russia and Belarus that support aggression, cannot be allowed to international competitions - vice president of the EC(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723300-sportsmeniv-z-rosii-i-bilorusi-so-pidtrimuut-agresiu-ne-mozna-dopuskati-do-miznarodnih-zmagan-viceprezident-ek.html)The New World Boxing Federation appeared in the international amateur boxing. The Provisional Council of Representatives of Germany, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, the Philippines, Sweden and the USA.
Photo: Getty Images
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726354-mok-vikluciv-miznarodnu-boksersku-asociaciu-zi-svogo-skladu.html 
The Internet is even if there is no water and light: Lithuania rates high digitalization in Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T15:39:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T15:39:00+03:00
Description: Ukraine is ahead of other countries when it comes to digital infrastructure. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15597... ']
Tags: ['Інтернет', 'Цифровізація', 'Цифрова інфраструктура', 'Конференція з відбудови у Лондоні']
Type: Article
 Ukrainian is ahead of other countries when it comes to digital infrastructure.
The Minister of Economy and Innovation of Lithuania Auschrina Armoeae said Ulodoni at the International Conference on Reconstruction of Ukraine, Ukrinform reports.
“I am often asked how you can help. I have to say that Ukraine is unusually ahead of other countries when we talk about digital infrastructure, because Ukraine has invested in digitalization , in new technologies, ” - said Awa.
Read also: Ukraine will help Belgium in the implementation of digital technologies-Fedorov She also cited an example that, in particular, there were no problems with banking systems.
“Also, for example, there is sometimes no water, there is no light, but the Internet works. Yukraina can teach certain Western countries, European countries, as supporting digit infrastructure in the most difficult time during the war, ”she said.
As reported by Ukrinform, in London on June 21-22 International conference takes place regarding the reconstruction of Ukraine(Ukraine Recovery Conference). Захід є продовженням щорічнихконференцій щодо реформ в Україні, які відбувалися з 2017 року.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3726357-internet-e-navit-akso-nemae-vodi-i-svitla-litva-visoko-ocinue-riven-cifrovizacii-v-ukraini.html 
Kherson and region shelling: Four locals and two volunteers wounded 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T15:41:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T15:41:00+03:00
Description: The prosecutor's office began an investigation into the facts of Russian shelling on June 22 of Kherson region, during which four locals and two volunteers were injured. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Херсонщина', 'Обстріл', 'Поранені', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The prosecutor's office began an investigation into the facts of Russian shelling on June 22, during which four locals and double -haired were injured.
As Ukrinform reports, it reports in telegram Kherson Regional Prosecutor's Office.
"Under the procedural leadership of the Kherson and Oleshkiv district prosecutors, there was a pre -trial investigation into the facts of violation of laws and customs," - the message reads.
According to the investigation, on June 22, at about 12:30, the Russians from the temporarily occupied territory of Kherson region fired from the artillery regional center. Also, the Ruskivska fired on the settlements of the Belozersky community.
Read also: enemy fired Kherson , two people wounded The prosecutor's office reported that four -year -old residents and two volunteers who arrived in Kherson for the provision of social assistance to humans were reported as a result of injuries.
Two of the injured are in serious condition. Doctors fight for their lives.
As reported by Ukrinform, on June 22 in Kherson region An 86-year-old woman and25-year-old guy were injured, doctors were fighting for their lives-they hit an outstanding yard.
Also under the enemy fire were volunteered students from Rivne, who were outlined by the Kherson. These are two young boys, 25 and 23 years old. They have injuries to the severity, doctors provide them with help.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726364-obstril-hersona-j-oblasti-poraneni-cetvero-miscevih-ziteliv-i-dvoe-volonteriv.html 
Hackers attacked the Czech Radio Site on the day of the conference in Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T15:43:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T15:43:00+03:00
Description: 
Чеське Радіо Зазнало 22 Червня Потужної Хакерської Атаки В День, Коли Проводить Міжнародну Конференцію «Змі Та Україна». — Укрінформ.: 
Images: [' 630_360_15979... ']
Tags: ['Чехія', 'Хакери', 'Радіо']
Type: Article
 Czechradio experienced a powerful hacker attack on June 22 on the day when the International Conference "Media and Ukraine" was held.
About it reports Ukrinform.
“From the morning our radio will experience a hacker attack. I try to get the problem as soon as possible, ”the presenters informed.
Radio is broadcasting the event on its social networks.
“The present hacker The attack is not random. This testifies to the important role that the media play in the current confidence that we, when discussing these topics, is some of the "thorns in the side", -said CEO of Czech Radio Rena Zavral.
He recalled that the Czech Republic has a painful history with the Soviet occupation and today supports Ukraine.
Read also: hackers From the Russian Federation attack the mailboxes of usersUkr.net Guests are focused on the role of the media in the coverage of events in Ukraine's tailoring of journalists and the international community as a whole. The main speakers at the conference as part of the celebration of the 100th anniversary(Awaust). Також виступили українські журналісти Мірослава Гонгадзе іДмитро Хоркін, чеські військові репортери Мартін Доразін, Петра Прохазкова таВацлав Черногорський, британський журналіст Пітер Померанцев і російськажурналістка, дочка вбитого російського опозиційного політика Бориса НємцоваЖанна Нємцова.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3726386-hakeri-atakuvali-sajt-ceskogo-radio-v-den-provedenna-konferencii-po-ukraini.html 
The gas explosion in Kiev: three dead, the number of victims increased to 9 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T15:44:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T15:44:00+03:00
Description: In Kiev, nine people were injured in a 16-storey building, and three more were killed. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['ДСНС', 'Газ', 'Вибух', 'Київ']
Type: Article
 In Kiev, nine people were injured in a 16-storey building, and three people were killed.
According to Ukrinform, the State Emergency Service reports on Facebook. “As of 15:00 on the scene, three people were killed, 9 people were injured(For three of them were hospitalized)But 20 people are saved, ”the message reads.
Rescuers have removed the destroyed overlap panels and conduct dismantling of building structures and parsing rubble.
Read also: explosion gas in Kiev: from the rubble of the house got the third victim In addition, SES specialists install supports to strengthen the floor between 9 floors of the house. 102 rescuers and19 vehicles were involved in the elimination of the consequences.
As reported by Ukrinform, 22 June at about 4:00 in the 16th floor building of the Dnieper district of Kiev there was a strong explosion As a result of which the walls were demolished by three floors and a fire of 150 square meters.
Vido: [Interior Ministry Telegram Channel of Ukraine]](https://t.me/mvs_ukraine/26699) 
According to SES, 5 apartments were destroyed by 6, 7 and 8 floors.
As of 12:15, three people and five were reported.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3726361-u-kievi-do-8-zrosla-kilkist-postrazdalih-unaslidok-vibuhu-v-16tipoverhivci.html 
Money and investors: Schmigal summed up the Conference on Recovery in London 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T15:46:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T15:46:00+03:00
Description: The results of the Recovery Conference held in London will work for Ukraine's rebuilding. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Шмигаль', 'Війна з Росією', 'Відновлення України']
Type: Article
 The results of the recovery conference held in London will work for the reconstruction of Ukraine.
The Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal said this at a press conference of Uloton, Ukrinform reports.
"These are specific practical results that will work for Ukraine's rebuilding. Partners have announced new financial resources: EU 50 billion from the EU as a new medium -term support tool; Three -year 3 billionfund support program from the United Kingdom; $ 1.76 billion by agreement with the World Bank, ”Shmigal said.
Read also: 400 international companies have joined the investment coalition in Ukraine - Shmigal According to him, at the same time, 600 million euros will be allocated to Ukrhydroenergo, Ukrenergo, Naftogaz from the EBRD; There will be a new portfoliopical for reconstruction of EUR 840 million from the European Investment Bank; $ 1.3 billion is expected to be aid from the US and additional 381 mlneuros of Germany.
Another meeting of the Interagency Donor Coordination Platform has been held. Ukraine increases coordination with partners on recovery.
Read also: [Shmigal met with the head of the Foreign Ministry(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726342-smigal-zustrivsa-z-ocilnikom-mzs-aponii-govorili-pro-vidbudovu-i-adernu-bezpeku.html)“We form a business coalition for investment in Ukraine - Ukraine BusinessCompact. Already, 400 international companies have joined the initiative. Together with the EU, Norway, Switzerland and the EBRD, they have signed a joint venture agreement to inspect military risks, ”the head of government said.
The Prime Minister drew attention to important political statements. In particular, the partners supported the idea of using frozen Russian assets for the removal of Ukraine and "do not doubt our membership in the European Union."
Read also: International partners support the confiscation of Russian assets in favor of Ukraine - Shmigal The Prime Minister also said that Ukraine, with the support of international partners, launches a recovery process without waiting for the end of the war.As reported, the Conference on the Restoration of Ukraine was held by Ondon. The World Bank estimates that at least $ 14.1 billion is required for a rapid restoration of Ukraine in 2023. After the Russian terrorist attack, the Nakakhovsky hydroelectric power station increased. In total, it takes at least $ 411 billion to reconstruct the enemy. Currently, government officials and domestic and foreign experts are working on an accurate assessment of the damages caused by the aggressor.
Foto: CMU 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726363-grosi-ta-investori-smigal-pidbiv-pidsumki-konferencii-z-vidnovlenna-u-londoni.html 
President Zelensky: A briefing was held for partner countries regarding the situation at the ... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-06-22T15:49:18
Location: Kyiv, Kyiv city (Latitude:50.444 Longtitude:30.52803)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Energy", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22571075
President Zelensky: A briefing was held for partner countries regarding thesituation at the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant. There were representativesof the G7 and G20 countries, as well as representatives of internationalorganizations
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-president-zelensky-a-briefing-was-held-for-partner 
News Source: https://t.me/V_Zelenskiy_official/6672 
Ukrainian "Mavka" will release in Bulgaria 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T15:52:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T15:52:00+03:00
Description: In Bulgaria, on June 23, the Ukrainian animated tape "Mavka. Forest Song". - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16744... ']
Tags: ['Болгарія', 'Кіно', 'Культура', 'Держкіно']
Type: Article
 In Bulgaria, on June 22, the Ukrainian animated tape "Mavka. Forest Song".
According to Ukrinform, the State Cinema Agency reports on Facebook .
«У Болгарії стартує кінопрокат анімації MAVKA. Покази мультфільму розпочнуться23 червня 2023 року. Тож не пропустіть можливості переглянути міжнародний хітна великому екрані», - ідеться в повідомленні.
Трейлер болгарською мовою можна подивитися за посиланням .
Derzhkino reminded that the film, created on the basis of the drama-extravaganza of the poet Lesyukranka "Forest Song". The tape tells of a strong relationship of man with nature, eternal values of love and loyalty, as well as the struggle of good with evil.
Read also: documentary "Two wall rule" received awarded New York The animated film was created with the support of the State Agency of Ukraine for Issues, US Agency for International Development(USAID UKRAINE - USAID Ukraine).Кінотеатральну дистрибуцію в Україні здійснюють FILM.UA Distribution таKinomania Film Distribution. Генеральним медіапартнером проєкту виступає канал"1+1".
Читайте також: Мультфільм « Мавка » покажуть у десятьох штатах США According to Ukrinform, during June and July the cartoon "Mavka" will be shown by the US states.
Photo: Derzhkino
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3726371-ukrainska-mavka-vijde-u-prokat-u-bolgarii.html 
In Kharkiv shown choreographic performance "In C" - dancers rehearsed in Zoom 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T15:54:06+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T15:54:06+03:00
Description: In Kharkivmusicfest, Kharkivmusicfest showed a choreographic performance "In C" of German production Sasha Waltz, Ukrainian dancers from two cities were rehearsed in Zoom. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ', ' 1687438181-27... ', ' 1687438181-84... ', ' 1687438181-38... ', ' 1687438181-12... ']
Tags: ['Харків', 'Вистава']
Type: Article
 Uzharkov showed a choreographic performance "In C" by the German production of Sasha Waltz, Ukrainian dancers from two cities were rehearsed in Zoom.
The organizers told the correspondent of Ukrinform.
The Ukrainian premiere took place on the evening of June 21. The production was created by choreographer Waltz for music by the composer-minimalist Terry Riley. 10 dancers from Kharkiv and Kiev were found in the performance.
“The rehearsals of the dancers took place through ZOOM simultaneously in three cities: Berlin, Kharkiv and Kiev. Five dancers in Kharkiv and five in Kiev were in the halls several times a week to rehearse together with a choreographer of Sasha Waltz & Guests Orlando Rodriguez, as well as for self -serving work, ”the festival organizers said.
 The choreographic performance tells about fundamental human values - searching, freedom.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3724249-u-ssa-rozpocavsa-prokat-vistavi-gaaga-pro-sud-nad-putinim.html)"In C" performance about how a person seeks self -identification and the opportunity to be in society. That is, how to be together and at the same time have freedom. In the face of the present, the play becomes a different sound. Because it is also about freedom, but in another context, ”said the participant of the production Yulia Grishin.
 Kharkivmusicfest Artifier Vitaliy Alexeok says that they initially planned the arrival of several German dancers to Kharkiv for cooperation with the Kharkiv troupe, but a full -scale war made its adjustments.
 
 *!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3726228-lvivska-opera-predstavila-u-kievi-onovlenu-vistavu-zaporozec-za-dunaem.html)Sasha Waltz, together with Jochen Sandig, founded the Sasha Waltz & Guests Dance company in 1993, and in 1996 - the Sophiensaele Theater, which is now a centromel -independent dance and theatrical scene not only in Germany. From 2000 to 2004, she was one of the directors of the Schaubühne Berlin Theater, and 2019/20 by the Director of the Berlin State Ballet together with Johannesomanoman. Sasha Waltz is the founder of the choreographic opera genre. In Didonat Aeneas Movies(2005). "Medea"(2007)and Matsukadze(2011)She made three -stages about women. In 2007, she put Romeo and Juliet.
As reported by Ukrinform, in Kharkiv on April 13 the sixth annual classical music of KharkivmusicFest. In 2022, due to the full -scale aggression of Russia, the symbolic opening of the festival took place: musicians at the Metro Museum metro station performed the creation of world -renowned composers, as well as the processing of Ukrainian folk songs.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3726369-u-harkovi-pokazali-horeograficnu-vistavu-in-c-tancivniki-repetiruvali-u-zoom.html 
The law on the ban on the import of books from the Russian Federation and Belarus will strengthen the position of the Ukrainian language - Kremin 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T15:54:55+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T15:54:55+03:00
Description: The law on restriction of import and distribution of publishing products from Russia, Belarus and the temporarily occupied territory of Ukraine will strengthen the position of the Ukrainian language and stimulate the development of Ukrainian book publishing. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16832... ']
Tags: ['Книги', 'Росія', 'Кремінь']
Type: Article
 The law of permeation of the import and distribution of publishing products from Russia, Belarus Tatimostically the occupied territory of Ukraine will strengthen the positions of the Ukrainian language will thastimulate the development of Ukrainian book publishing.
According to Ukrinform, it is reported [press service(https://mova-ombudsman.gov.ua/news/taras-kremin-zakon-pro-zaboronu-na-vvezennia-ta-rozpovsiudzhennia-knyh-z-rf-i-bilorusi-posylyt-pozytsii-ukrainskoi-movy)Taras Kremin.
“This law will strengthen the position of the Ukrainian language and stimulate the development of Ukrainian book publishing and book distribution through the effective counteracting policy of Ukraine. From now on, the books will be published in the original, in Ukrainian translations, languages of the EU and indigenous peoples of Ukraine. Among the main tasks of a strategically important document is the prohibition of publishing products from the aggressor state and preventing the destructive Russian influence on the Ukrainian book market, "Kremin said.
Read also: Zelensky signed a law on the ban on importation of and distribution books from the Russian Federation and Belarus The linguistic Ombudsman is convinced that such changes will help to increase Ukrainian -language cultural product, significantly strengthen the book sphere, assert the role of the state in protecting national interests in war.
As it was reported, President Volodymyr Zelensky has signed a law on the restriction and distribution of publishing products from Russia, Belarus and the temporary -corresponding territory of Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3726370-zakon-pro-zaboronu-na-vvezenna-knig-z-rf-i-bilorusi-posilit-pozicii-ukrainskoi-movi-kremin.html 
Time devoted to the cover and article of Zelensky's plan to defeat Putin's propaganda 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T15:57:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T15:57:00+03:00
Description: The American Time magazine devoted the cover of a new number and the article of the Presidential Plan of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky to defeat Putin propaganda in the territories temporarily occupied by Russia. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Пропаганда', 'Путін', 'Журнал Time', 'Зеленський']
Type: Article
 The American magazine Time devoted the cover of a new number and an article by the Planup President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky to defeat Putin propaganda by Russian -occupied territories.
According to Ukrinform, the magazine in [Twitter] reports it(https://twitter.com/TIME/status/1671836455440711682).
"In terms of Zelensky - to defeat Putin's propaganda in Russia occupied by Russia," the material announces.
 
The head of state, in particular, told why the Russians could not overcome the Winforming War during the occupation of Kherson.
Read also: [Time magazine included cover about Ukraine in the(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3677819-zurnal-time-vkluciv-obkladinku-pro-ukrainu-v-dobirku-znakovih-do-svogo-storicca.html)“The Russians did not win in Kherson, because inside people did not support the Russian. They kept firm, ”said Zelensky .
As reported by Ukrinform, the American Time magazine as a result of 2022 was named President Vladimir Zelensky and the Spirit of Ukraine(The Spirit of Ukraine).
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726379-time-prisvativ-obkladinku-i-stattu-planu-zelenskogo-peremogti-propagandu-putina.html 
The Coordination Headquarters presented the concept of the system of recovery from captivity of defenders 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T16:00:00-04:00
Description: At the coordinating headquarters of Pedin, the PID Hour Rosshirenoye ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 9bd9f907-2175-4f46-97f8-63d36e7e0ddd.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВІЙСЬКОВОПОЛОНЕНІ', 'КОНЦЕПЦІЯ СТВОРЕННЯ СИСТЕМИ ВІДНОВЛЕННЯ', 'РЕАБІЛІТАЦІЯ ВІЙСЬКОВОПОЛОНЕНИХ']
Category: News
 The Coordination Headquarters on the Development of Prisoners of Pursuing during the expanded meeting presented the concept of creating a system of restoration of persons who were deprived of personal freedom as a result of Russia's armed aggression of anti -Ukraine.
About it reports Coordinating headquarters of inquiries for the treatment of prisoners of war.
According to Yuriy Taraanyuk, the head of the support and consulting of the relatives of the Coordination Staff, the experience of such work of the Ministry of Internal Affairs, the Department of Internal Security of the Ministry of Defense, as well as the development of domestic scientists, during the development of the concept.
Participation in the development of the Concept in addition to the experts of the coordination headquarters are also the Bravarivors of the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Defense and the Renaissance IF. The concept provides for the creation of a national model of providing medical, rehabilitation tap psychological assistance to servicemen and civilians.
According to experts in the course of discussion, in the first stage of realization, the most important is the qualitative diagnosis and detection of diseases and injuries of liberated from the ground. The vacation liberated from captivity will be given post -completion of rehabilitation to servicemen. And only after her will the person be sent to the VLK, where the decision to continue the service will be made.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs as a whole supported the implementation of the Concept, but noted that it should also be extended to the Ministry of Internal Affairs and the SES, who are also submitted to hostile isolation.
According to the secretary of the coordination Dmitry Usov, the concept is planned to be involved in the implementation of both profile scientists and practitioners: “I urge all stakeholders to unite around this idea. We hope to support our lawmakers. "
The meeting was chaired by the Secretary of the Coordination Staff Dmitrausov, with the participation of People's Deputies, representatives of the Ministry of Defense, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Internal Affairs, the Ministry of Veterans, the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Social Policy, representatives of the Secretariat.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-prezentuvaly-konczepcziyu-systemy-vidnovlennya-zvilnenyh-z-polonu-zahysnykiv/ 
42 places of maintenance of the Ukrainian military in the Russian Federation are known - human rights activists 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:01:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:01:00+03:00
Description: The media initiative for human rights (MIPP) has identified 42 places of maintenance of the Ukrainian military - detention facilities, correctional colonies - both in the border with Ukraine and in the depths of the Russian Federation. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_14505... ']
Tags: ['Росія', 'Полонені', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Human Media Initiative(Mplex)She identified the 42 months of maintenance of the Ukrainian military - detention facilities, correctional colonies - both in the border with Ukraine and in the depths of the Russian Federation.
About it at the Media Center Ukraine-Ukrinform during a briefing on the topic: "From Bryanskado Irkutsk: what happens to Ukrainian prisoners on the walls of Russian prisoners" said coordinator MIPP Tatiana Katrychenko.
“The Russian Federation now continues to use the places of detention in Moscow, Rostov-on-Don, but they have still been added a huge number of places where citizens of both civilians and servicemen are being held. This is a huge number of citizens - it is about thousands - which have been moved to the territory of the Russian Federation and, obviously, that the Russian Federation lacks places for their maintenance, ” - reported.
She noted that the topic of keeping, moving the prisoners of war is not researched, as it is often very scary. MIPP investigated the places of maintenance in the occupied territories until February 24, 2022. And if the MIPP knows about every location of prisoners of war by the occupied territories of Ukraine, then it is extremely difficult to obtain information in the Russian Federation, it is now collected, based on the testimony of released military -war.
According to the participants of the event, from February 24, 2022 and until June 15, 2023, MIMPP interviewed more than 50 servicemen released during the exchanges(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-poloneni). Analyzing the selected testimony, MIPP saw the systematic politicians and methods of treatment of Ukrainian prisoners used by Rossi. They are common to all places - physical and moral torture, poor and poor nutrition, practically lack of medical care.
Read also: [in coordination discussed the procedure(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722038-u-koordstabi-obgovorili-poradok-oformlenna-dovidok-pro-perebuvanna-u-poloni.html)
All the evidence of the former prisoners is combined by the fact of systematic application of Ukrainian military physical and psychological violence. This is happening around the clock. The intensity of beating increases when eating, visiting shower and checking cameras. There are cases of torture during interrogations, the initiators of the study reported.
Also, according to Katrychenko, if prisoners have injuries or serious chronic domains, he usually does not receive medical care. Almost everyone who was in the afternoon and whom the MIP representatives interviewed claim that the request for medical assistance is ends with beating.
Read also: [ captives from Azovstal: only every five of almost 2.5 thousand(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711039-poloneni-z-azovstali-povernuto-lise-koznogo-patogo-iz-majze-25-tisaci.html)In many cases, prisoners of war are called food. Often, the food is given for 2-3 minutes, and the extremely low quality of nutrition will be given to the fact that most of the released have critical weight loss-from 10 to 30 kg.
MIPP also known cases of captivity. The military reported however that they have seen or heard about the facts of the death of servicemen.
Imp representatives paid special attention to the frequent movements of the erection between different places of maintenance in the Russian Federation. This is how the person is hidden, to confuse his search, and so that the warriors could not subsequently identify the staff involved in the dosage over them. Even the information is carefully hidden from the prisoners of war in which area they were.
Based on the survey of released servicemen, the MIPP has collected about most well -known maintenance sites in the Russian Federation and an interactive map.
Human Media Initiative(Mplex)- is a media team that changes the external and domestic policy to integrate Ukraine into the free world. The main inquiries of MIPP activity: investigation of war crimes committed in connection with the Rabbit Aggression in Ukraine, in particular violent disappearances, deportations and hostages, improper maintenance of prisoners of war, tracking of lawsuits of Ukraine; Analytics of practices, which are implemented by the Russian Federation; Advocacy in the policies of public practices to ensure and respect for human rights and freedoms.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726355-vidomo-pro-42-misca-utrimanna-ukrainskih-vijskovih-na-teritorii-rf-pravozahisniki.html 
The High Council of Justice dismissed the judge Volkov, who released the commander of Berkut 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:05:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:05:00+03:00
Description: The High Council of Justice dismissed Svetlana Volkov from the post of Judge of the Pechersk District Court of Kyiv for disciplinary misconduct. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_14566... ']
Tags: ['Беркут', 'Звільнення', 'Судді', 'Вища рада правосуддя']
Type: Article
 The Higher Rada Rada dismissed Svetlana Volkov from the post of Judge of the Pechersk District Court of Kyiv for committing a disciplinary misconduct.
According to Ukrinform, the GRP in [telegram] reports it(https://t.me/hcj_gov_ua/5305).
“Today, June 22, High Council of Justice made a decision on the release of Svetlana Volkova from the post of Judge of the Pechersk District Court of Kyiv on the basis of paragraph 3 of the part of the sixth Article 126 of the Constitution of Ukraine(committing a significant disciplinary misconduct, rough or systematic neglect of responsibilities that is beyond the status of a judge or revealed his inconsistency)”, - the message reads.
Read also: GRP continued Dismissal Judge Bogomolova , exposed on cooperation with FSB * In Dejure Foundation It is noted that Svetlana Volkova is a judge who released Dmitry Sadovnik, who later escaped from Ukraine from Ukraine. For this, the Verkhovna Rada released her as a judge for this in 2016.
However, in 2019, the Supreme Court overturned the Verkhovna Rada on its release, and renewed the Volkova District.
Foto: vkksu.gov.ua 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726373-visa-rada-pravosudda-zvilnila-suddu-volkovu-aka-vidpustila-komandira-berkuta.html 
Shoiga stated that Russia would create a "reserve army" by the end of June 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:06:09+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:06:09+03:00
Description: Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoiga stated that by the end of June, a reserve army and an army corps would be formed in Russia. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15378... ']
Tags: ['Армія', 'Шойгу', 'Війна з Росією', 'Резерв']
Type: Article
 Russian Ministry of Federation Sergey Shoiga stated that by the end of June, Russia will be formed by the army and the army corps.
This is reported by Ukrinform with reference to Interfax "By the end of June, we will complete the formation of the army reserve and in the near future we will finish the formation of the army corps," Shogu said during the time of the Radbeza RF .
He claims that five regiments "formed more than 60%". According to Shoigu, Russian reserve units will receive more than 3000 pieces of equipment.
Also Shoggy declared 114 thousand contractors and another 52,000 volunteers were recruited to the Russian army.
Read also: "Wagnerivtsi" refuse to sign Putin's resolution contracts - British intelligence According to British intelligence, it was reported Shoggy appeared in June in the Popular Field Increased statements for the sake of image and against the background of criticism - for the purpose of presenting a person who continues to control strategic issues.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726374-sojgu-zaaviv-so-rosia-do-kinca-cervna-stvorit-rezervnu-armiu.html 
There were mines in the occupied Zaporizhzhya NPP 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:09:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:09:00+03:00
Description: During the visit of the CEO, Raphael Gross, a week ago, a mines were not spotted at the Zaporozhye NPP, but the agency is aware that the mines were previously installed both at the perimeter of the station and in certain places inside. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16801... ']
Tags: ['МАГАТЕ', 'Міна', 'Запорізька АЕС', 'Гроссі']
Type: Article
 During the Vitzite of the CEO, Raphael Gross, a week ago, a mines were noticed at the Zaporizhzhya NPP, but the agency is known to be previously established both at the perimeter of the station and in certain places inside.
As Ukrinform reports it is reported in the IAEA posted on the site(https://www.iaea.org/newscenter/pressreleases/update-167-iaea-director-general-statement-on-situation-in-ukraine).
“IAEA is known about the installation of mines near the cooler reservoir. During the visit of the CEO(June 15. - Ed.)Mines were not found, including at the cooler pond. However, it is known about the cases of MINs earlier than the perimeter of the station, for a time the agency reported earlier, as well as in certain places inside - which, as the staff of the station security service, were intended for defense targets, ”the message reads.
CEO Rafael Grosssey said the placement of any explosive devices at the "do not meet the security standards" at the nuclear power plant. "Let's art on this issue with great attention," he added.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725385-magate-proinspektuvala-pivdennoukrainsku-aes-nezaavlenih-adernih-materialiv-ne-znajsli.html)According to Grossi, the situation with nuclear and physical safety at the NPP "is extremely fragile". “The loss of the Kakhovka reservoir has become a catastrophe for the region as a whole, and has added serious difficulties for this large nuclear power plant. Now, as ever, all parties must fully adhere to the main principles of the IAEA aimed at preventing a nuclear accident. We are weaving our efforts to help ensure nuclear safety, as well as help the affected region in other areas, ”the Central Directorate added.
As reported by Ukrinform, on June 20, the head of the Main Directorate of Intelligence Declaration Kirill Budanov stated that the Russians were replaced by the Nazaposhi NPP cooler, and if it is discharged, there is a significant probability that there would be big problems.
Read also: Russia has prepared everything for a terrorist attack on the Zelensky Edition - Zelensky 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726375-na-teritorii-okupovanoi-zaporizkoi-aes-buli-mini-magate.html 
Potentially dangerous Russians in the West should be under the close supervision of special services - Peter Paul 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:12:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:12:00+03:00
Description: Czech President Peter Pavel believes that potentially dangerous Russians who live in the West should be closely supervised by special services, but he has never stated that he was in favor of interarating all Russian citizens from the West. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16774... ']
Tags: ['Пропаганда', 'Шпигун', 'Росія', 'Петр Павел']
Type: Article
 Presidential Petr Pavel believes that potentially dangerous Russians who live in the Nazakhi should be under the close supervision of special services, but he has never stated that he was in favor of interested in all Russian citizens from the Western countries.
The President of the Czech Republic stated at the International Conference "Media and Ukraine", the broadcast of which is conducted by Czech radio, reports Ukrinform correspondent.
It was the information war conducted by Russia that propaganda became one of the topics that the President of the Czech Republic stopped.
Pavel noted that the war is not only physically but also in the media space, for the minds and thoughts of people. But there is also a battle for partners, the politician added. He recalled that Putin's propaganda had long prepared their social for war, forced the Russians to believe in the existence of a threat to the Russian Federation, Avidak and the right to "defend", to believe that there is no sovereign Ukraine.
Russia also manipulated the measure, conducting misinformation campaigns; The west in the West still believe in Putin propaganda. Such people can be a danger to the societies in which they live, Paul said. He said what he said recently: potentially dangerous Russians who live in the name should be under the close supervision of special services.
Read also: Ukraine will receive NATO invitation after the war - Czech President If some want to say, and Russian propaganda wants to present to the real so that Pavel stands for all Russian citizens from the country's country, then "it is a fool," the politician said.
"I never offered anything," the Czech President assured. At the same time, the citizens of the country leading an aggressive war were at all times in other states, so it was about monitoring by the security services of individual groups of people. Read also: in the American prison died former FBI agent who was digging for Moscow "Russia unambiguously wages an aggressive war, violating international rules, and is not ashamed, on the contrary, calls it legitimate ... Russia is a state that supports terrorism," Pavel summed up, and reminded of a terrorist attack that has been recalled in the Czech Republic in 2014.
Putin's cynicism is manifested, in particular, that the Kremlin accuses the west fatigue that the war continues, although it began it, the President emphasized.
As it was reported, the International Conference "Media and Ukraine", the main speaker of which became the President of the Republic of Czech Republic Peter Pavel and the mayor of Kiev Vitaliyklychko, is held in Prague.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726377-potencijno-nebezpecni-rosiani-na-zahodi-maut-buti-pid-pilnim-nagladom-specsluzb-petr-pavel.html 
Ukraine was expelled from the list of applicants for Expo-2030 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:13:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:13:00+03:00
Description: Odesa will no longer compete for the right to hold an international exhibition in Ukraine in Ukraine. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16710... ']
Tags: ['Економіка', 'Виставка', 'Odesa EXPO-2030']
Type: Article
 Odessa will not compete for the right to hold an international exhibition in Ukraine in Ukraine.
This was reported on site Expo-2030, Ukrinform reports.
“The General Assembly will consider three projects to elect a host country expo 2030: candidates of the Republic of Korea(Outer), Italy(Rome), Saudi Arabia(Riyadh)”, - the message reads.
It is noted that the final winner will be determined in November 2023.
Read also: Ukraine is ready to hold the World Exhibition Expo 2030 - Ministry of Economy According to Ukrinform, the World Expo -2030 exhibition is an event, and the technical and technological achievements of countries will be renovated. It will be held from October 26 to October 14, 2030. The candidates for the exhibition were Pusan, Rome, Odesa and Riyadh. Odesa has applied for participation before the beginning of the full invasion of the Russian Federation.
According to the deputy chairman of the Odessa Regional State Administration Roman Grigorishin, Odesa was actually favorite But, according to the Foreign Ministry, she shared the first and second steps with Saudi Arabia.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726381-ukrainu-viklucili-zi-spisku-pretendentiv-na-provedenna-expo2030.html 
Hungary actually holds the captivity of the Ukrainian soldiers whom the Russian Federation was handed 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:19:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:19:00+03:00
Description: Hungary actually holds the captive of the Ukrainian soldiers, which Russia was handed over to it. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16869... ']
Tags: ['Угорщина', 'Полонені', 'Дмитро Лубінець', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 Hungary is holding in captivity of the Ukrainian soldiers, which Russia was handed over to it.
The Commissioner of the Verkhovna Rada Dmitry Lubinets said this in the Telectorhone "Unified News", reports Ukrinform correspondent.
“In fact, they are in isolation, they have a limited circle of communication, they have mobile phones. We know that some relatives came to some. Again, how it was communicated, how long it lasted, the details are known, ”Ombudsman said.
Read also: Lubinets b stated that there was no initiative and incomplete execution of his mandate with the Red Cross Answering the question what Ukraine is doing so that these military returned to the way, Lubinets said that Ukrainian -wingeds work on this issue first.
_Viso: Telearaphone "One News" _
“We are really trying to make contact with eight formerly wandered citizens of Ukraine. We know where they are, Alena understand the position of Hungary, why we still have not allowed our diplomats. And we do not know why these citizens of Ukraine, while in the territory of Hungary, are in fact in the same position as prisoners Human Rights Council.
He informed that Hungary had violated international humanitarian law, because it is impossible to simply take and take prisoners of war from the territory of the Russian Federation.
Read also: Lubinets b - about Ukrainian prisoners: Hungary has been in international humanitarian law “Even if they had any humanitarian reasons, they first and foremost have to inform Ukraine. Second, they had to inform the ICCH. I had a separate meeting today with the head of the ICRC Mission in Ukraine, at which it was asked: did information received from the Hungarian or Russia information on the transfer of 11 prisoners of war to the Armed Forces to the territory of Hungary? The answer was that they only learned from public channels when this information appeared Umass -media, ”Ombudsman said.
He explained separately that prisoners of war are considered in the territory controlled by one of the parties of the international military conflict, that is, the Russian Federation. Read also: Through the war more than eight million Ukrainians are stood - Lubinets b Ombudsman stated that the Ukrainian military legal status was gone, but in fact Hungary treats them as a permanent person: “Then I do not understand why they restrict them. These are free citizens. They did not commit any criminal offenses. Why Hungary does not know Ukrainian diplomats - this is not known as. ”
As an example, the Commissioner for Human Rights cited the situation with Turkey, which was initiated by the return of our prisoners of war. According to him, representatives of the authorities of this country immediately informed Ukraine, and Ukraine was swollen for negotiations, as well as the entire transfer of Ukrainian servicemen of IRF to Turkey was accompanied by the Ukrainian side.
“There, in the territory of Turkey, they immediately gave access to diplomats, gave the opportunity to fulfill the authorities of Ukraine. That is, they showed that the state really worries the filling of the former prisoners of war. Instead, Hungary continues to behave as such a unit of the Russian Federation, where it is also held in captivity, in a limited, closed state, our military without any explanation, ”he said.
Read also: to establish communication with the Hungarian Ombudsman has not yet been known - Lubinets b Answering the question of whether he knows how these military got the Hungarian gerrium, Ombudsman noted that he was unknown to him at this time.
“On this fact, I wrote a letter separately to the Ombudsman of Hungary and separately the Dombsman of the Russian Federation so that I am informed how - a strange way - the military of the Armed Forces - in the air, or who transferred them - from the territory of Hungary. And I am waiting for the answer, ”Lubinets said.
As it was reported, on June 9, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine was invited to the Hungarian Attorney and submitted to him an appeal to demand detailed information about the Ukrainian -wave -watched Budapest transmitted by Russia and to provide consul access immediately.
Read also: Sexual crimes of the Russian Federation in the occupied territories systemic - Lubinets b It was also reported that the Ukrainian government was not informed of the relevant transfers between the Hungarian and Russian sides. The fact that Russia is pre-allocated for eleven Ukrainians of Hungarian descent, the Ukrainian navigated from public statements of Viceremier-Minister of Hungary Zolt Shemienna Hungarian media.
Currently, with the assistance of the Embassy of Ukraine in Hungary, three Ukrainian citizens and prisoners of war have returned to Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726380-ugorsina-fakticno-trimae-u-poloni-ukrainskih-vijskovih-akih-ij-peredala-rf-lubinec.html 
Demanding one hectare of agricultural land in Ukraine costs up to $ 1500 - expert 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:22:27+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:22:27+03:00
Description: In Ukraine, in order to exchange 1 ha of agricultural land, it is necessary to spend up to $ 1,500. USA. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16830... ']
Tags: ['Інвестиції', 'Розмінування', 'Відновлення України']
Type: Article
 In Ukraine, in order to exchanging 1 hectare of agricultural land, it is necessary to spend up to $ 1,500. USA.
According to Ukrinform correspondent, the CEO of the Industrial Dairy Company said this(IMK)Alex Lisitsi during a speech on a conference on the restoration of Ukraine in London.
"If you inspect, clean and exchanges, it can cost up to 1500 US dollar per hectare. But that's not all, because it is additionally necessary to invest in" Earth's Health "," he said.
Read also: Austria will make a valuable contribution in demining Ukraine- Kuleb Lisitsi noted that his company invested an additional $ 340. The United States is a nail to improve and restore land that was contaminated with a hazardous object.
The expert explained that in order to restore the landscaping of agricultural land, it is necessary to spend up to about 2 thousand dolls. USA per hectare.
According to Ukrinform, according to the World Bank, the full range of works of Ukraine's fermentation of Ukraine will cost $ 37.4 billion. Currently, a plan for priority demining of agricultural land, according to which 470 thousand custom lands are subject to priority inspection and purification.
Photo: Yaroslav Kostyuk
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726384-rozminuvanna-odnogo-gektaru-silskogospodarskoi-zemli-v-ukraini-kostue-do-1500-ekspert.html 
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine is almost 100% convinced that Russia will leave the "grain agreement" in July 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:24:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:24:00+03:00
Description: The Ambassador of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine on special orders, the coordinator of the exporters and investors Olga Trofimtseva is convinced that Russia will leave the Grain Corridor Agreement in July. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16776... ']
Tags: ['МЗС', 'Зерно', 'Туреччина', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Embassy of Foreign Ministry of Ukraine on special orders, coordinator of exporters and investors Olga Trofimtsev is convinced that Russia in July in Julyde from the Grain Corridor Agreement.
Trofimtseva stated in telegram, He reports Ukrinform.
“Grain corridor. 99.9% Rasha will leave him in July, ”she stressed.
The MFA Ambassador explained the likelihood of Russia's release from agreements that Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan successfully won the elections, as well as every Russian oligarch Dmitry Mazepin replaced Vladimir Putin that the Terminald export Ammonia from Russia has been completed, so the ammonia pipeline togliatti-Odesa is no longer so important.
As it was reported, Russia threatens to withdraw from the grain agreement, if it does not succeed in the pumping of the ammonia pipeline "Togliatti - Odesa" and partially removing restriction on its own export.
In the Government of Ukraine stated About the actual blocking of the Russian side of the Grave Initiative. The Russian Federation has openly sabotifies the inspection of vessels that reduced the capacity of the corridor to less than 20% of the possible.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725559-gensek-oon-zaklikav-prodovziti-zernovu-ugodu-aku-blokue-rosia.html)Russia was taught in the agreement at the end of May, extending its effect for 60 days - until July 17.
The grain agreement was concluded in July last year with the participation of Ukraine, Turkey and the UN, as well as separately - Turkey, the UN and Russia. The arrangements guarantee a safe passage of vessels with Ukrainian grain, their observance is provided by a common Coordination Center in Istanbul, which includes representatives of all parties.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726385-u-mzs-ukraini-majze-na-100-vpevneni-so-rosia-vijde-iz-zernovogo-koridoru-v-lipni.html 
US and India have agreed on the importance of a meal recovery of Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:27:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T23:27:00+03:00
Description: The United States and India will continue to provide humanitarian assistance to Ukraine and consider it necessary to ensure the reconstruction of the Ukrainian state after the war. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16694... ']
Tags: ['Індія', 'США', 'Відновлення України']
Type: Article
 The United States and India will continue to provide humanitarian assistance to Ukraine and consider it necessary to ensure the reconstruction of the Ukrainian state after the war.
This is stated in a joint statement, published by the White House, according to the results of President Baiden President and Prime Minister Modi on Thursday, Ukrainian reports.
“Both countries have pledged to provide humanitarian assistance to the people. They urged to respect international law, the principles of the UN Charter, territorial integrity and sovereignty. Both countries have agreed in respect Ukraine's restoration After the conflict, ”the document noted.
Read also: income from arrested Russian assets will be transferred to Ukraine's reconstruction - Shurma 
Biden President and Prime Minister Modi have expressed a deep pity because of the horrific tragic humanitarian consequences caused by the Russian war.
"The leaders emphasized the serious and increasing impact of the war on the global economic system, including food, fuel and energy security and critical supply chains," the statement said.
In this connection, leaders have called for more efforts to soften the warriors of war, especially in developing countries.
Read also: Ukraine expects that the States and Canada will be the first to pass confidential assets of the Russian Federation - Shmigal 
According to Ukrinform, US President Meet Joe Baiden and Prime Minister's meeting of Narendra Modi took place on Thursday at the White House. The parties have expressed the readiness to combine efforts to establish peace in Ukraine, as well as to respond to global humanitarian consequences caused by the war of Putin Vevropi.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726549-ssa-ta-india-pogodilisa-sodo-vazlivosti-postvoennogo-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html 
In the National Council for consideration of about ten more applications from online media for registration 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:28:48+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:28:48+03:00
Description: The Ukrainian Medical Air is considering about ten more applications for registration from an online media. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15626... ']
Tags: ['ЗМІ', 'Нацрада', 'Медіа']
Type: Article
 The Ukrainian Medioragulator considers about ten more applications for registration from an online media.
Alexander Burmagin, a member of the National Council on Television, announced this in a comment to Ukrinform.
“We are now working on about ten applications from an online media. And in the next one, which will take place in a week or two, we will announce another series of decisions to register, ”he said.
Read also: in the National Council discussed with Polish colleagues anti -speech information terrorism Burmagin noted that nowadays communication with an online media regarding packaged documents, in particular, specifies the nuances in the design. Therefore, according to its words, the exact number of applicants for registration can be verified by the day media larger, published on the eve of the meeting.
According to the National Council member, Ukrainian online media will be actively involved in pre-registration, which is related to the further development of web technologies and the Internet media. At the same time, he believes, Ukrainian legislation in the field of online mediatiatiatate will be supplemented with new norms.
“The EU is now actively entering into force on social networks. July, moving in that direction, will be obliged to implement certain approaches. I think that the number of subjects in this information direction is to be built, as will increase the number of norms of relevant law, ”he said.
Read also: [ National Council grant a permit for broadcasting at the FM Army Khersonradiorane.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720156-nacrada-nadala-dozvil-na-movlenna-v-hersoni-radiostancii-armia-fm.html)As reported by Ukrinform, the National Council registered the first online media , namely: Reporter Information and Animal Portal, Ivano-Frankivsk; local information-analytical online media "Kramatorskpost", Kramatorsk, Donetsk region; Rai.ua website, Burshtynivano-Frankivsk region; Channel MB on YouTube, Dnipro; Electronic magazine "Economics, Ecology, Society", Odessa; The news site of the social and political direction "Versii.if.ua", Ivano-Frankivsk.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726387-u-nacradi-na-rozgladi-se-blizko-desati-zaavok-vid-onlajnmedia-na-reestraciu.html 
After the war, Ukraine can become one of the leaders of "green" metallurgy in the world - expert 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:30:50+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:30:50+03:00
Description: By providing institutional, financial and technological support for "green" (carbon neutral) metallurgy in the process of reconstruction, Ukraine has a chance to become one of the world leaders of the industry. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Метінвест', 'Україна', '«Зелена» металургія']
Type: Article
 Providing in the process of rebuilding institutional, financial and technological support of "green"(Carbon neutral)Metallurgy, Ukraine has a chance to become one of the world leaders in the industry.
This conclusion, made on the basis of discussion of sectoral problems of the London Conference on Recovery, told at a briefing Vmediacenter Ukraine - Ukrniforor Yurrienkov CEO of Metinvest Group.
The focus of the participants of the discussion, he said, was represented by Ukraine concept of "green" metallurgy, restoration of the country and decarbonization of the industry.
“Now the whole world goes by decarbonization, production of" green "steel. And in Ukraine(Unfortunately because of the war)It is possible to start everything with a "clean sheet" to do everything right. Therefore, metallurgists, equipment manufacturers, as well as their nervants, present at the West, spoke of interest in making such plans more quickly. After all, it is the possibility of real changes that the maintenance, financial and technological support can bring Ukraine to the first places in world metallurgy, ”Ryzhenkov said.
In his opinion, foreign partners also understand that Ukraine will be part of the European Union, so it is necessary to rebuild it immediately as a component of the EU and European products of production. Therefore, they are also interested in taking advantage of the benefits that Ukraine has: significant coats of iron ore, prepared by experts who are able to work, access to renewable electricity sources.
All this, the industrialist said, will help our country become a competitive EU abilities in the production of "green" steel.
Read also: [Ukraine will be released by the power system in accordance(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3711915-ukraina-vidbudovuvatime-energosistemu-vidpovidno-do-principiv-zelenogo-perehodu-demcenkov.html)However, you need to solve a number of problems - in particular, in the regulatory and financed areas. And most importantly - to win the war as soon as possible. But the preparatory steps, according to the industrialist, can be done now.You also need to solve the problem of capital value, which is now very high as soon as possible. This prevents long -term investments .
"It is necessary to work on both financial institutions and Ukrainian law," Ryzhenkov said.
He considers another challenge to be a personnel problem: many workers have gone by Nafront, and there are not enough specialists in production. After victory, they will return.
“However, this may not be enough. It is very important to return Ukrainians from abroad to successfully implement the projects, ”Ryzhenkov summed up.
Read also: Ukraine has improved positions in the world rating manufacturers steel ** As reported by Ukrinform, last year production of steel at the enterprises of the group "Metinvest" decreased by 69% - to 2.9 million tons . This is due to the beginning of large -scale aggression of the Russian Federation against Ukraine, as a result of which the group decided to stop the production of a number of enterprises in Mariupol, Avdiivtsi and Zaporozhye. And Mariupol MK "Azovstal" and MMK them. Illich is known to be actually erased by the enemy from the Latin.
Photo: Greensteel.com.ua
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726389-po-vijni-ukraina-moze-stati-odnim-iz-lideriv-zelenoi-metalurgii-u-sviti-ekspert.html 
On a submarine near Titanic, oxygen is over 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:30:54+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:30:54+03:00
Description: The supply of oxygen on the tourist submarine near the sunken Titanic ends, rescuers continue to search for five stuck passengers on a shallow. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['США', 'Титанік', 'Пошуки']
Type: Article
 The stock of a tourist submarine near the sunken Titanic ends, rescuers continue to search for five stuck passengers on a shallows.
According to Ukrinform, it reports Independent. The US Coast Security Representative reported that, according to their assumptions, oxygen under the name "Titan" was supposed to end at 15:00 in Kiev on Thursday.
These calculations are based on the fact that on board the submarine with five passengers, the immersion was oxygen for 96 hours, and the dive took place at 15:00 in Zakiyivskyi time on Sunday.
According to coastal protection representatives USA , the counting of time for rescue measures becomes more relevant after the rescue Canadian aircraft of a fierce "knock" near the missing submarine.
Read also: oxygen is left for 40 hours: near " Titanic a" for days are looking for a submarine with tourists As it was reported, on Sunday Submarin, which was used for transportation of tourists to inspect debris sunk "titanic" , disappeared in the Atlantic Okean.
In the United States, a large -scale surgery to search for a submarine apparatus was launched by five tourists on board.
The rescue operation was joined by Canadian coastal security ships, and other US Navy vessels. Private vessels from France are also involved in the search.
On Wednesday, a team of rescuers engaged in the search for a missing underwater, recorded sounds underwater in the area of operation. Foto: ra 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726390-na-pidvodnomu-covni-poblizu-titanika-zakincivsa-kisen-zmi.html 
NGOs counted over 10,000 Ukrainian prisoners of war in Russian prisons 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:33:09+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:33:09+03:00
Description: There are currently 10,000 Ukrainian soldiers in the Russian captivity. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ["В'язниця", 'Полонені', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Urosian captivity is currently from 10,000 Ukrainian military.
About it at the Media Center Ukraine -Krukrinform during briefing On the topic: "From Bryansk Dirkutskaya: what happens to the Ukrainian prisoners on the walls of Russian prisoners" was informed by the head of the NGO "Voyatsky Razvill", a relative of the prisoner of war Epifanov.
“The big problem is that Russia hides most prisoners. We are such a way that at least 10,000, at least prisoners of war, is now a birth, and most of it is not confirmed. Even those who came out of azovstal , where the International Committee of the Red Cross was present at the exit, they filled certain questionnaires, now unconfirmed by Russia, ”Epifanova said, adding that there was no information about many -toughened people.
She noted that the association of Russian lawyers, who had previously tried to help with the establishment of the place of residence of the Ukrainian prisoners, have now been subjected to this opportunity.
Epifanova reported that there are groups of Ukrainian volunteers who visit colonies in temporarily occupied territories and provide unofficial information about the prisoners. In addition, there are frequent cases of "trade" information by Russian invaders about the stay of Ukrainian -bewildear there.
According to Epifanova, the most reliable source of information about prisoners who returned from Russian prisons.
“The most productive source of finding information about our prisoners is our military prisoners of war. They see, communicate, and then convert, the stories share the stories that have happened to them. And we find people with information from returned prisoners of war, but we still have no official confirmation that Russia holds them. And it turns out that they are officially missing, ”Epifanova said.
Read also: known about 42 places of maintenance of the Ukrainian military scentrase of the Russian Federation - human rights activists As reported by Ukrinform, representatives of the coordination headquarters on the issues of prisoners of war today reported that the Russians do not provide official information on the health of captives of Ukrainian military.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726391-gromadski-organizacii-narahuvali-ponad-10-tisac-ukrainskih-vijskovopolonenih-u-vaznicah-rf.html 
Romanian Prime Minister condemned the collaboration of the balance on undermining the bridge in jugguleshta 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:36:43+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:36:43+03:00
Description: Romanian Prime Minister Marchel Colak also condemned the threats of the so-called head of the occupation administration of the Kherson region, Vladimir Saldo, on a possible blasting of the Galats-Jujoshta Bridge-Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ["Прем'єр", 'Румунія', 'Сальдо']
Type: Article
 Romanian Prime Minister Marchel Colak also condemned the threats of the so-called head of a trade administration
About it reports Point.md , reports Ukrinform.
Claak stated that such statements to Romania, NATO ally, are unacceptable.
"Romania strongly condemns the statements of the so -called representative of Russia in the Kherson region, illegally occupied by the Russian Federation. Such applications against the Republic of Moldova, which also affect part of the territory of Romania, NATO ally, are unacceptable. At the same time, the task of strikes on civilian infrastructure."
Read also: in parliament Moldovan and eliminate the faction of the Party "Shore" Earlier, in response to a blow to the Chongar Bridge between the Crimea and Kherson Region, the Russian Federation could cause the Russian Federation in the bridges in the Odessa region, as well as on the bridge in the Moldovan Riverjuhuhuhuhles.(at the border of Moldova and Romania).
Як повідомляв Укрінформ, у МЗС Молдови заявили, що заяви Сальдо єнеприйнятними . In the posts, it was urgent to call the Russian ambassador to Chisinau to provide explanations.
As it was reported, this morning on the Chongar Bridge, which connects the temporary -corresponding Crimea with mainland Ukraine, a blow was taken, the movement of Bridge.
Read also: Romanian Iya supported Ukraine's introduction to NATO - Kuleba According to the representative of the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense Andriy Yusov, in the context of damage to the Chongar bridge, the systematic work of the siloboron and the movement of resistance, which will be continued, continues.
Photo: PSD Romania
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726393-premer-rumunii-zasudiv-slova-kolaboranta-saldo-pro-pidriv-mostu-v-dzurdzulestah.html 
Ukraine actually captures the forced movement of children to Russia - Lubin. 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:38:55+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:38:55+03:00
Description: The Ukrainian authorities actually capture the forced movement of our children from the temporarily occupied territory of Ukraine to the territory of Russia every day. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16710... ']
Tags: ['Діти', 'Війна з Росією', 'Дмитро Лубінець', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 The Ukrainian Cavorure actually captures the forced movement of our children in the occupied territory of Ukraine to the territory of Russia.
The Commissioner for Human Rights of Human Rights Lubinets said this in the Telectorhone "Unified News", Ukrinform correspondent reports.
“We have the forced deportation of Ukrainian children. And we are of fact, now, we now record the forced movement of Ukrainian children with a time occupied territory of Ukraine to the territory of the Russian Federation.(Them - ed.)They are taken out of Crimea, Zlugansk, and Donetsk region, etc. And the Russian Federation is doing everything to block the processing process(Ukrainian children home - ed.)”, - he said.
Read also: Russia tries to confuse the abduction data children from Ukraine - British intelligence According to the Attorney General's office, the army of the Russian Federation killed 490 children and another 1028 children had injured. 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726395-ukraina-fakticno-sodna-fiksue-primusove-peremisenna-ditej-do-rosii-lubinec.html 
IFC will help with the modernization of the fleet of Ukrainian Danube Shipping 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:45:15+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:45:15+03:00
Description: The Ukrainian Danube Shipping Department and the International Financial Corporation (IFC) have signed an investment agreement in the modernization of the fleet of the enterprise. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Інвестиції', 'Українське Дунайське пароплавство', 'IFC']
Type: Article
 The Ukrainian Danube Shipping and International Financial Corporation(IFC)They signed an investment agreement in the modernization of the fleet of the enterprise.
CF was informed by Dmitry Moskalenko CEO of UDP in Facebook , reports Ukrinform.
“International Financial Corporation(IFC)will facilitate the modernization and expansion of the Flot of the Ukrainian Danube. Today in London at the International Conference on Recovery of Ukraine Ukraine Recovery Conference(Rak'ah)He signed the relevant agreement!”Moskalenko said.
According to him, the signing of the Agreement indicates a high assessment of the work of commissioning, which has been able to implement reforms concerning the efficiency of all without exception of processes.
Read also: Ukrainian Danube Shipping ** Starting the Fleet of the River - Sea Fleet In addition to the investment component, cooperation with IFC will encourage the company to follow high standards on corporate policy, compliance of and financial transparency.
Moskalenko also noted that this week UDP paid to state budget record dividends for 2022 - more than UAH 1146.4 million.
“This is more than dividends paid in the history of the enterprise. We have taken a very high rate, but the further development of the company requires the attraction of large -scale investments and strategic cooperation with international partners, ”the UDP said.
As reported by Ukrinform, 400 international companies have been used to "investment coalition" in Ukraine](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726315-do-koalicii-investicij-v-ukrainu-dolucilisa-vze-400-miznarodnih-kompanij-smigal.html) .
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726396-ifc-dopomoze-z-modernizacieu-flotu-ukrainskogo-dunajskogo-paroplavstva.html 
Ukrainian Luzan and Tereti won gold medals at European Games 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:45:42+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:45:42+03:00
Description: Ukrainian rowers Lyudmila Luzan and Valery Tereta became the first in European games. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Веслування на байдарках і каное', 'Європейські ігри']
Type: Article
 Ludmila Luzan and Valery Tereta were the first to be the Ukrainian navigators.
The athletes won the first award for the national team of Ukraine for European Igrams 2023, Ukrinform reports.
Luzan and Tereta became the first in canoe-two at a distance of 500 meters.
The Ukrainians were referred to the finals directly after the qualification, having taken the second place to their arrival.
Read also: Gutzait : Every Ukrainian athlete epotential to get a medal As it was reported, the competitions continue from June 21 to July 2.
Photo: twitter.com
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726397-ukrainki-luzan-i-tereta-zdobuli-zoloti-medali-na-evropejskih-igrah.html 
Rowers Kukharyk and Trunov won the second "gold" for Ukraine at European Games 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:52:04+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:52:04+03:00
Description: Ukrainian rowers Oleg Kukharyk and Igor Trunov won the European Games in Krakow. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Веслування на байдарках і каное', 'Європейські ігри']
Type: Article
 Oleg Kukharyk and Igor Trunov won the European Igor in Krakow.
The Ukrainians won the 500-meter kayak-two, UKRINFORM.
This award became the second for Ukraine in this tournament.
As it was reported, the first "gold" in the treasure bank of the national team of Ukraine was brought by Ukrainian rowers Lyudmila Luzan and Valery Teret.
Read also: Ukrainka Luzan and Tereti won the gold medals of Naeurov Games According to Ukrinform, European Games will last until July 2.
Photo: International Canoe Federation
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726401-vesluvalniki-kuharik-i-trunov-zdobuli-druge-zoloto-dla-ukraini-na-evropejskih-igrah.html 
Ukraine launches the We Build Ukraine initiative to unite international partners 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:55:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:55:00+03:00
Description: Ukraine presented in London the initiative "We Build Ukraine", which aims to combine all international partners who are involved or planned to join Ukraine's restoration. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Війна з Росією', 'Відбудова', 'Відновлення України', 'Конференція з відбудови у Лондоні']
Type: Article
 Ukraine has presented in London the initiative "We Build Ukraine", which is intended to unite all international partners who are involved or planned to connect the reference of Ukraine.
This was reported by the head of the State Agency for the restoration and development of Mustafa infrastructure in Facebook, He reports Ukrinform.
“We lay a solid foundation on the way to victory. While Russia tries to destroy nshinfrastructure, we are rebuilding, protecting and planning the future of Ukraine. During Ukraine Recovery Conference in London, Webuild Ukraine initiative is presented in London, which will be able to join all the international partners of Ukraine and the company. - said the head of the agency.
Vido: [State Agency for Recovery and Development of Infrastructure of Ukraine]](https://fb.watch/lk37jzCJoM/) 
Nayem emphasized that we build Ukraine is an institutional partnership with anyone who helps rebuild Ukraine or plans to do so.
The priority of the initiative is the restoration of housing, energy, social, transport and critical infrastructure, demining territories, supporting the private sector.
Read also: [Shmigal met with the head of the Foreign Ministry(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726342-smigal-zustrivsa-z-ocilnikom-mzs-aponii-govorili-pro-vidbudovu-i-adernu-bezpeku.html)As it was reported, the World Bank, the European Commission, and the UN, together with the Government, has carried out an independent assessment of the damage caused and needs for the restoration of our country. In the first year of a full -scale war alone, the direct losses caused to Ukraine exceeded $ 135 billion. General economic losses are those that are disrupted economic flows, production - and additional costs associated with war reach $ 290 billion.
A total of $ 411 billion is required for the reconstruction and restoration of Ukrainian infrastructure. In the short term, the country requires $ 14 billion. Funds are needed to restore energy, residential, critical and social infrastructure.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726406-ukraina-zapuskae-iniciativu-we-build-ukraine-dla-obednanna-miznarodnih-partneriv.html 
PrivatBank begins a large -scale update of the reception network with card 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T16:58:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T16:58:00+03:00
Description: In June, PrivatBank begins a gradual updating of the reception network with cards - exciring. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15995... ']
Tags: ['Приватбанк', 'Еквайринг']
Type: Article
 In June, Privatatbank begins a gradual updating of the reception network with cards - equiries.
As Ukrinform reports, it reports the bank press service. "Over the coming months, the bank plans to replace every fifth POS terminal of the timely portable model on Android platform, which opens more opportunities for business and can work under the conditions of energy shortages," - it is said.
The largest ecavering network Privatbank It has become one of the factors that enables Ukrainian business to maintain their business and develop in war.
"We planned to start updating the network as early as 2022 and the war made its correctness. Therefore, we start this process this year and plan to replace more modern every fifth working POS terminal. New modern equipment meets all the requirements of international payment systems and provides new business capabilities. technology and improve the service for clients, ”said IAS board member Yevgen Zaiigaev.
Read also: Visa and Mastercard plan to raise the cost of services during the war - business has addressed power Today, thanks to the use of a modern POS-terminal model, entrepreneurs, in addition to the usual financial and service operations, can accept payment for the FACEPAY24 technology and use the terminal as a passenger apparatus(with the application).
ПриватБанк має найбільшу в Україні мережу прийому оплат за товари та послугикартками - сьогодні в країні працює понад 230 тисяч POS-терміналівПриватБанку. Smart POS-термінал моделі PAX a930 - сучасне банківськеобладнання на базі операційної системи Андроїд, термінал має сенсорний екранта вбудовані фронтальну та основну камеру.
Читайте також: Нацбанк контролюватиме обмін валюти банками таобмінниками As reported by Ukrinform, PrivatBank launched a new service of entrepreneurs in test mode, which allows you to use smartphones with the set -up "Terminal" as a software registrar of settlement operations(Prot).
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726450-privatbank-rozpocinae-postupove-onovlenna-merezi-ekvajringu.html 
In Latvia banned election agitation in Russian 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T17:06:48+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T17:06:48+03:00
Description: The Latvia Seimas in the third reading adopted amendments to the law on election agitation, which establish new language rules of election agitation, strengthening the meaning of the state language. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Латвія', 'Російська мова', 'Агітація']
Type: Article
 In the third reading, Seimlatviy adopted amendments to the election law, which establishes new linguistic rules of election agitation, strengthening the meaning of the state language.
About it reports Ukrinform with reference to national broadcaster LSM .
Thus, it is envisaged that during the period of election agitation paid election agitation materials can be placed in radio and television programs of the electronic media, public open and closed sites, periodicals(newspapers and magazines), ballots, books and other printed editions, as well as on the Internet only in the state language. In addition to their own language, it includes Latgal writing as well as Livin(the language of the national minority, the ancient inhabitants of the coast of Riga Gulf).
Читайте також: Латв ія передає Україні весь свій флот вертольотів –прем’єр Thus, the use of the state language will extend to all paid election agitation and agitation materials. At the same time, candidates of the parties will be able to speak with their voters and in another language.
It is also established that during the election agitation before the elections of the pre-European parliament and municipal elections, these agitation materials may contain the translation of the official languages of the Member States of the European Union.(Russian in this list is not included). У таких випадках використаннядержавної мови ні у візуальних, ні в аудіоматеріалах не може бути меншим зазміст, викладений іноземною мовою.
Стежити за порушеннями у використанні державної мови в передвиборчій агітаціїбуде Центр державної мови.
Читайте також: Посол в Латв ії зустрівся з українцями в місті Єлгава 53 deputies voted in favor of adopting amendments, 10 parliamentarians were maintained against 10 parliamentarians.
As it was reported, the day before in the capital of Latvia the conference "Linguist of Europe - a special status for the Ukrainian language in the EU" was held, at which a project was completed by raising the status of Ukrainian language in the EU and adopting the first wound of the resolution in this regard.
Photo: Leta, IEVA LūKA
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726409-u-latvii-zaboronili-peredviborcu-agitaciu-rosijskou-movou.html 
In two districts of Dnipropetrovsk region without water over 200 thousand people 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T17:09:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T17:09:00+03:00
Description: The whole Nikopol district and several communities of Kryvyi Rih district were left without water due to the blasting of the Russians of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Дніпропетровщина', 'Вода', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 All Khivopol district and several communities of Kryvyi Rih district remained without water.
About it in telegram The head of the Dnipropetrovsk Ova Sergey Lisak, reports Ukrinform.
"There are now more than 200,000 people without water. It is the whole of Nikopol region and several public people.
Read also: [Ukraine has gathered new evidence about the conscious crime(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726236-ukraina-zibrala-novi-dokazi-sodo-svidomogo-zlocinu-rosian-z-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-zelenskij.html)According to the head of the ova, large tanks, water trucks are involved. Rescuers supply water by fire trucks.
As it was reported, the construction of the main water supply "Ingulets - South" has already begun. The work lasts 24/7. In addition, there are local projects of communities where all forces are aimed at alternative sources of centralized provision.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726410-u-dvoh-rajonah-dnipropetrovsini-bez-vodi-ponad-200-tisac-ludej.html 
There is no infection outbreaks in Odessa, but the water condition is still unsatisfactory 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T17:16:18+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T17:16:18+03:00
Description: As of June 22, mass outbreaks of infectious diseases in Odessa were not recorded. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Одещина', 'Вода', 'Інфекційні хвороби']
Type: Article
 As of June 22, mass outbreaks of infectious diseases in Odessa were not recorded.
About it in telegram The head of the Odessa Regional State Administration Oleg Kiper reported, Ukrinform reports.
“There are no mass outbreaks of infectious diseases in Odesa region. Agriculture - within seasonal indicators. Despite the gradual improvement of the state of water of the Black Sea, its condition is still far from the norm, ”the presentation reads.
The head of the ODA noted that bathing in the sea and fishing is now strictly forbidden.
Read also: Russian mines after blasting the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station was nailed to the shores of Mykolaiv region Odessa in As it was reported, in Odessa region the burning of seawater stops , Gradually, salinity increases, and the same is exceeded. Due to the pollution of the sea in Odessa banned spontaneous trade in fish and seafood. According experts , swimming in Odessa Gulf and eating marine foods that are caught by the educational sea after the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station will be dangerous for at least a year.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726413-na-odesini-spalahiv-infekcii-nemae-ale-stan-vodi-dosi-nezadovilnij.html 
Bucha, Makariv, Vyshgorod: The first open bidding was announced for the reconstruction of the destroyed housing 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T17:17:50+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T17:17:50+03:00
Description: The State Agency for Infrastructure Restoration and Development has announced the first bidding for the restoration of residential infrastructure in Bucha, Makarov, Vyshgorod and Admin building in Borodyanka in the public procurement system. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16685... ']
Tags: ['ProZorro', 'Житло', 'Електронні торги', 'Відбудова', 'Агентство відновлення']
Type: Article
 The State Agency for Infrastructure Restoration and Development has announced in the ProZorro public procurement system, the first bidding for the restoration of residential infrastructure in Bucha, Makarov, Vyshgorod and Admin building in Borodyanka.
This was reported by the head of the State Agency for the restoration and development of Mustafa infrastructure in Facebook , reports Ukrinform.
“We have the first tender procedures in civil construction. The customer of the work is the restoration in the Kiev region, the projected documentation was provided by the organism of self -government, the tender documentation was formed by the results of consultations of the Agency for restoration with the civil construction market in May, ”Nayem said.
According to the head of the agency, all apartment buildings were harmed as a result of the crash of ammunition or fires . Therefore, the buildings and networks themselves, power supply and heating are partially destroyed by the capital recovery.
The agency has already developed unified qualification requirements, ensuring that it is possible to participate in tenders of all construction companies with sufficient experience of realization of such projects, equipment, competent team and financial capacity of their implementation.
The announcement of the auction will be published all project documentation so that the participants are comprehensive information for the preparation of informed tender proposals.
Read also: EFODS : 78 Applicants GOE 6,3 Million on Small repair own housing * After determining the winner, the contract will be concluded and work will begin on the confidential building standards, in particular, taking into account the current requirements for thermolation, inclusivity and safety.
As it was reported, the renewal service in the Kiev region in the near future will conduct open market consultations in the next turn of the object renewal - construction and overhaul of five residential buildings Uborodanka and Makarov.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726414-buca-makariv-visgorod-ogolosili-persi-vidkriti-torgi-na-vidbudovu-zrujnovanogo-zitla.html 
Turkish contractors participate in 50 projects in Ukraine worth $ 3.2 billion - Foreign Ministry 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T17:18:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T17:18:00+03:00
Description: Turkey is one of the countries that plays a leading role in the reconstruction of Ukraine. Since the beginning of the war, Turkish contractors have joined up to 50 projects in Ukraine worth $ 3.2 billion. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_14652... ']
Tags: ['Туреччина', 'Відбудова', 'Відновлення України', 'Конференція з відбудови у Лондоні']
Type: Article
 Turkey is one of the countries that plays a leading role in the reconstruction of Ukraine. From the beginning of the war, Turkish contractors have joined up to 50 projects in Ukraine of $ 3.2 billion in Ukraine.
Turkey's Foreign Minister Hakan Fidan said this in a conference on the restoration of Ukraine in London, Ukrinform reports with a link TTT Haber .
"Since the beginning of the war, Turkish contractors attracted up to 50 projects worth $ 3.2 billion in Ukraine," the minister said.
“We will mobilize all the means available at our disposal. We maintain the development and restoration of Ukraine, adding to what has already been done, ”Fidan said.
The Minister also stressed that Turkey It will support Ukraine, which copes with the devastating economic consequences of the war. "President(Turkey - ed.)He is constantly working on the relief of the suffering caused by the war in Ukraine. From the grain agreement to the exchange of the peg ... Now we need to work on the development of a financial basket, which will promote the constant reconstruction and restoration of Ukraine, ”Fidan said.
Read also: [ Cooleba first Meet with new by head Foreign Ministry Turkey (https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726003-kuleba-proviv-persu-zustric-z-novim-glavou-mzs-tureccini.html)The minister noted that Turkey is determined to ensure the provision of non -volatility, sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, including the Square, the ancient homeland of the Crimean Tatars.
According to him, Turkey is a country that provides the most humanitarian assistance compared to national income.
As reported by Ukrinform, June 21-22 in London is undergoing an international conference URC23(Ukraine Reform Conference) , at which Ukraine predicts assessments of needs and priority plans for post -war restoration of histra -riose long -term reform and modernization.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726405-turecki-pidradniki-berut-ucast-u-50-proektah-v-ukraini-na-sumu-32-milarda-mzs.html 
Naussed urged the EU to make a "rose" to a new package of sanctions against the Russian Federation 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T17:30:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T17:30:00+03:00
Description: Lithuania President Hitanas Nauseda has called on the European Union to develop the next package of sanctions against Russia, in which, in his opinion, the state corporation should include Rosatom. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16788... ']
Tags: ['Санкції', 'Росія', 'Росатом', 'Ґітанас Науседа']
Type: Article
 Gitanas Nauseda Presidentials called on the European Union to develop the next package of sanctions against Russia, in which, in his opinion, the state corporation should be included.
About it reports Ukrinform with reference to press service President of Lithuania.
"For sanctions to work effectively, we urge to avoid exceptions that make up new ways of bypassing sanctions ", - said Naussed at a meeting with EU ambassadors, and suggested that he think about the 12th package of EU sanctions and contribute to him" Rosatom ".
In addition, Lithuanian President has once again urged the EU countries to seek the creation of an international tribunal to investigate the crime of aggression of the Russian Federation, as well as the possibilities of Russian assets frozen in EU countries to restore Ukraine after the war. Nauseda also recalled the need to give more historical memory of Europe to resist Russian misinformation and propaganda.
Read also: new sanctions will be effective if EU countries "beat in hand" companies for their bypass - diplomat The Lithuanian leader also informed the EU ambassadors about the support of Lithuanian -Atlantic integration of Ukraine. "We would send a positive signal to Ukraine by starting negotiations on its EU membership this year," Nauseda Idoda said that Moldova's efforts from the reform were also deserving of a positive assessment.
As reported on the eve of Ukrinform, Nauseda stated that the summit in Vilnius, which will take place on July 11-12, should make specific decisions on NATO's membership in NATO, since there is not enough repetitions of the old formula about the "open door" of the Alliance.
Foto: delfi 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726417-nauseda-zaklikav-es-vnesti-rosatom-do-novogo-paketu-sankcij-proti-rf.html 
In Kherson region, the invaders formed special groups to hide the bodies of the dead - Zelensky 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T17:35:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T23:35:00+03:00
Description: On the Left Bank of Kherson region, the occupiers formed special groups to remove and obviously hide the bodies of the dead as a result of the blasting of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16852... ']
Tags: ['Херсонщина', 'Агресія РФ', 'Зеленський', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The from the left bank of Kherson region, the occupiers formed special groups to remove and obviously hide the bodies of the dead as a result of the blasting of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station.
President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy told this in his evening video. Ukrinform correspondent reports.
"There was also a separate report by the Minister of Internal Affairs to support people and the life of Kherson and in other areas of our south, which were injured by the destruction of the Kakhovka reservoir. Of course, we have information about what is being used in the occupied part Kherson region . To do this, even the word "catastrophe" is not enough. Russian evil has formed special groups there to pick up and obviously hide the bodies of dead people, "the President said.
Read also: Russians have sent 18 billion cubic meters of controlled water - the head of Kherson Ova 
According to him, this is not the first time Russia is trying to destroy the evidence of the Tasuli of its crimes in the occupied territory.
"So they did in Mariupol and in other places. But this is the truth that you are unsuccessful.
Read also: in the territory of the occupied Zaporizhzhya NPPs were mines - Magate 
As reported by Ukrinform, on June 6, the Russian army undermined the Greblyukakhov hydroelectric power station.
In fact, law enforcement officers began investigations into an article on ecocide.
President Volodymyr Zelensky, in an online statement to the organization of the US states, expressed his conviction that those who gave an order to destroy the Kakhovskaya Hins and the reservoir understood the consequences of their actions.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726548-na-hersonsini-zagarbniki-sformuvali-specgrupi-sob-shovati-tila-zagiblih-zelenskij.html 
Visa and Mastercard plan to raise the cost of services during the war - business has addressed power 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T17:40:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T17:40:00+03:00
Description: The Association of Retailers of Ukraine again appeals to the authorities, international payment systems Mastercard and Visa, as well as to Ukrainian banks not to raise the rates of interchang (utyairing) by the end of martial law. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_14910... ']
Tags: ['Банк', 'Бізнес', 'Кабмін', 'Нацбанк', 'Платіжна система', 'Visa', 'Офіс Президента', 'Рітейл']
Type: Article
 The Association of Ukraine's Retailers once again appeals to the authorities, international payment systemsmastercARD and VISA, as well as to Ukrainian banks not to increase the interchanging precipitation(Ecutering)by the end of the martial law.
About it reports [Association of retailers of Ukraine]](https://rau.ua/novyni/rau-gr-visa-mastercard/) (To), reports Ukrinform.
“Association retailers Ukraine is stifling to power, international payment systems Mastercard and Visa, as well as Ukrainian banks not to raise the Interchange rates(Ecutering)By the end of the martial law, ”the statement said.
According to RAU information, according to the financial institutions coming to the business, the Interchangu rate will rise to 0.9%from July 1, 2023.
The Association emphasizes that the current economic situation does not contribute to the entrepreneurs set up the increased size of Interchang and the acquiring commission.
“Ukrainian business believes that the current level of Interchange rates at 0.7% is economically justified and compromise for all parties. This allows retailers not to increase their costs and to hold back prices, but to the banks of payment systems to earn on the services provided from the ecuairing, ”RAUs.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708293-nacbank-zaprovadiv-nizku-novih-pravil-sodo-platiznoi-infrastrukturi.html)Also, Ukrainian retailers ask the Presidential Office, the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine and the National Bank of Ukraine to intervene in the situation. After all, it has not been able to regulate market methods for a long time.
"The payment services market is a monopolized two payment systems, so there is no alternative for Ukrainian entrepreneurs to find other companies that would provide these services," the retailers say.
As it was reported, the leaders of domestic grocery retail on a total number of stores, despite active fighting, continue to open new outlets .
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726416-visa-i-mastercard-planuut-pidnati-vartist-poslug-pid-cas-vijni-biznes-zvernuvsa-do-vladi.html 
The Ministry of Economy plans to return 80% of polluted and replaced land in 10 years to use for 10 years 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T17:41:23+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T17:41:23+03:00
Description: The Ministry of Economy plans to restore production of 80% of potentially replaced and contaminated explosive objects for 10 years. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16818... ']
Tags: ['Мінекономіки', 'Розмінування', 'Земля']
Type: Article
 The Ministry of Economy plans to restore production of 80%of potentially replaced and contaminated explosive objects for 10 years.
According to Ukrinform correspondent, the first Viceremier-Minister of Ukraine-Minister of Economy Yulia Sviridenko said this during a speech on a conference on the restoration of Ukraine in London.
"Our goal is to return to the use of 80% of potentially contaminated(Explosive objects - ed.)land over the next 10 years. It is a very ambitious goal, ”she said.
Sviridenko noted that the state should focus on mine infrastructure and households, and private business can be exchanged by forests, water bodies and agricultural land. According to her, a full -fledged market should be created for this in Ukraine for private identification operator.
Read also: Mine one hectare * agricultural * e land in Ukraine costs up to $ 1500 - expert She added that the government is considering several ways to attract funding to change agricultural land. In particular, it can be the issue of "green" or agricultural bonds, raising funds from foreign funds or using polluted land for growing technical(Bioneer)cultures.
As reported by Ukrinform, according to World Bank , a full range of work of Ukraine's fermentation Ukraine will cost $ 37.4 billion. Currently, a plan for priority demining of agricultural lands, according to which 470 thousand cusual lands are subject to priority inspection and purification.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726422-minekonomiki-planue-za-10-rokiv-povernuti-do-vikoristanna-80-zabrudnenih-ta-zaminovanih-zemel.html 
OP told about Russia's attempts to hit the daggers on the dam in Kryvyi Rih 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T17:45:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T17:45:00+03:00
Description: Russia considers a large -scale terrorist attack on the ZPP as an opportunity to stop the Ukrainian counter -offensive and create a deserted gray zone without ceasefire. This strategy also includes the attempts of the Russians to hit rockets in the Damba in Kryvyi Rih. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Кривий Ріг', 'Подоляк', 'Запорізька АЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Russian considers a large -scale terrorist attack on the ZPP as an opportunity to stop the Ukrainian contradiction and create a deserted gray zone without ceasefire. This strategy also includes the attempts of the Russians to hit rockets on the dam in Kryvyi Rih.
This opinion was expressed by the adviser to the head of the Presidential Office Mikhail Podolyak in Twitter, Transfers Ukrinform.
“Russia is not capable of maintaining energy in the medium term, but considers a large -scale terrorist attack on ZPP To stop the Ukrainian counter-offensive and create a deserted sanitary gray zone, recorded for the following years, as a part-time status quo without ceasefire. This strategy includes the spies of "daggers" on the dam in Kryvyi Rih, ”he said.
Podolyak emphasized that additional mining of the Zaporizhzhya atomic station, including cooling pools.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726298-riven-vodi-u-stavkuoholodzuvaci-zaes-zalisaetsa-stabilnim-energoatom.html)“Whether in the Kremlin, this scenario today depends solely to rebuild the global world. The red lines should be drawn, the consequences are announced. Not tomorrow. Today ”, - the adviser to the head of the OP.
As it was reported, Ukrainian intelligence has received information that Russian considers the script of a terrorist act at the ZPP With the release of radiation and already prepared for it.
Opto from open sources 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726429-v-op-rozpovili-pro-sprobi-rosii-vdariti-kindzalami-po-dambi-u-krivomu-rozi.html 
Foreign Ministry and UNESCO representatives discussed the initiative of the Conference on Recovery of Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T17:47:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T17:47:00+03:00
Description: The National UNESCO National Commission for UNESCO discussed the initiative of the convocation together with UNESCO Secretariat of the International Conference on Recovery of Ukraine in the Fields of the Organization. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['МЗС', 'Україна', 'ЮНЕСКО', 'Відбудова']
Type: Article
 The National UNESCO National Commission for UNESCO discussed the initiative with the UNESCO Secretariat of the International Conference on the Recovery of Ukraine of the Competence of the Organization.
This was discussed during the fifth meeting of the UNESCO National Commission for the UNESCO Bureau, Ukrinform reports with reference to Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine. In particular, Dzhaparova presented the results of the National Commission in the first half of 2023 and outlined the main achievements of Ukraine in UNESCO.
The first deputy minister also emphasized the importance for Ukraine that the focus of the organization remains the Crimea and the state of cultural monuments of the semi -island. In particular, those included in the previous list(Bakhchisarai Palace of Crimean Khan and a complex of monuments of Sudak fortress)and a list of world heritage objects(The ancient city of Chersonese Tavriysky and his Hhorio).
Members of the National Commission had discussed the initiative of the convocation together with the Secretariat -Unsko International Conference on the Restoration of Ukraine in the areas of competence of organization, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs stressed.
Read also: Under the auspices UNESCO will be held the World Forum for Assistance to the Cultural Heritage of Ukraine Particular attention was paid to ensuring the participation of the Ukrainian delegation in the 5th extraordinary session of the UNESCO Conference at the end of this month.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-unesko)Bureau members also discussed the situation in regional(electoral)UNESCO groups, to which Ukraine is running. In particular, the maximum deprivation of Russia's maximum deprivation in the UNESCOMA governing bodies of the promotion of representatives of Ukraine to the governing bodies of the organization.
The participants of the meeting discussed the issues of intensifying the activities of the educational sector. They outlined further steps for the development of the UNESCO networking schools in Ukraine, as well as focused on the implementation of the prosect on recreation of Ukrainian children from the most affected from the war of Ukraine's war in Germany.As it was reported, the Minister of Culture and Information Policy Oleksandrkachenko stated on June 14 that UNESCO would join the organization of the World Forum on assistance to Ukrainian cultural heritage. Foto: Foreign 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3726423-mzs-i-predstavniki-unesko-obgovorili-iniciativu-provedenna-konferencii-z-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html 
Kostevich won the "bronze" of European games in shooting with a pneumatic pistol from 10 meters 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T17:52:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T17:52:00+03:00
Description: Ukrainian athlete Elena Kostevich won "bronze" in a pneumatic gun of 10 meters at European Games. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Кульова стрільба', 'Європейські ігри']
Type: Article
 Ukrainian athlete Elena Kostevich won bronze in a crowning of a zpneumatic gun from 10 meters at European Games.
The Ukrainian athlete guaranteed a license for Olympic Games in Paris, Ukrinform reports.
Kostevich took 4th place in the qualification and went to the finals. This was not possible to do the Polyni Kolesnikova, which showed 14 results.
In the finals, Elena was 2nd before the last series of shots, but eventually became 3rd and won the bronze, which also guaranteed her Olympic license. Claudia was won from Poland.
Read also: Ukrainka Luzan and Tereti won the gold medals of Naeurov Games Kostevich won the second "bronze" of European Games in his career. In 2019, she wandered with Pavel Korostilev, she became the third in shooting from a 25 meter gun.
Photo: Getty Images
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726427-kostevic-zdobula-bronzu-evropejskih-igor-u-strilbi-z-pnevmaticnogo-pistoleta-z-10-metriv.html 
Since the beginning of the war UKrana received from the EIB about $ 1.7 billion 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T17:52:51+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T17:52:51+03:00
Description: Since the beginning of a full -scale invasion, Ukraine has received about $ 1.7 billion in budget support from the European Investment Bank (EIB) from the European Investment Bank (EIB). - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15451... ']
Tags: ['ЄІБ', 'Мінфін', 'Україна', 'Гроші', 'допомога']
Type: Article
 From the beginning of a full -scale invasion, Ukraine has received from the European Investment Bank(EIB)about $ 1.7 billion in budget support.
According to Ukrinform, it reports the Ministry of Finance's press service. "As of today(June 22 - Ed.)The portfolio of joint Ukraine in Ebinvestment Projects is 25 projects with a total volume of 5.2 billion euros. Since the beginning of a full -scale invasion, Ukraine has received $ 1.7 billion in budget support from Eibre. We thank you for understanding the problem of Ukraine and prompt decision -making, which allows to meet the priority needs of Ukrainian society, ” - said the Minister of Finance Sergiy Marchenko.
It is reported that on June 22, within the framework of the visit to London to the Conference of Requirements of Ukraine, the Minister of Finance Sergey Marchenko met by the Evcell of the European Investment Bank Teresa Chervinskaya.
The parties discussed the state of implementation of a joint portfolio of projects, as well as opportunities to increase cooperation.
Read also: [400 international companies - Shmigal] have joined the investment coalition in Ukraine](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726315-do-koalicii-investicij-v-ukrainu-dolucilisa-vze-400-miznarodnih-kompanij-smigal.html)The Ministry of Finance notes that about 2.7 billion euros from a joint portfolio are proven to be unused. The parties discussed possible ways to effectively realize current resources.
The Ministry of Finance is also actively cooperating with EIB Over the use of 600 million euros in 2023, the renewal of the restoration of critical infrastructure, damaged as a result of armored aggression of the Russian Federation.
As reported by Ukrinform, the Ministry of Community Development, Tainfrastructure and European Investment Bank signed a Memorandum of Section 840 million euros for the implementation in 2023 of priority projects of restoration of infrastructure of Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726428-z-pocatku-vijni-ukrana-otrimala-vid-eib-blizko-17-milarda.html 
Romania supports Ukraine's membership in NATO - Dmytro Kuleba 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T18:00:00-04:00
Description: The Ministry of Lawlessness of the Lawless Herds of Ukraine Dmitro Kuleba Proviv Zustych Zustrichi Zavostye Lighting Autonomous Okrug ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 64933dabab3fd477617376_730x410.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВСТУП УКРАЇНИ ДО НАТО', 'ДМИТРО КУЛЕБА', 'МЗС', 'РУМУНІЯ']
Category: News
 Foreign Minister of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba met with Romania's Ministry of Law Luminitsa Sobesk, during which she stated that the Romania supports Ukraine's integration into the Euro -Atlantic community.
About this it is referred On the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
"During the first personal meeting with the new Ministers of Foreign Tripmune, Dmytro Kuleba discussed the intensification of Ukrainian-Romanian two-way cooperation," the statement reads.
Dmytro Kuleba thanked Romania for supporting Ukraine's membership in NATO.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/rumuniya-pidtrymuye-chlenstvo-ukrayiny-v-nato-dmytro-kuleba/ 
Read the real Ukrinform! 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T18:05:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T18:05:00+03:00
Description: Dear readers and subscribers!Today, Facebook has found a Ukrinform Clone page, which has nothing to do with the activities of our agency and illegally used the name of our media and officially registered logo. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ', ' 1687461862-53... ']
Tags: ['Укрінформ', 'Соцмережі']
Type: Article
 Dear readers and subscribers!Today, Facebook revealed a clonrukinform page, which has nothing to do with the activities of our agency and used the name of our media and officially registered logo.
This page has already been blocked. However, in this regard, we remind that all public pages of Ukrinform on social networks are officially verified and have a blue "tick" confirming this status.
 Subscribe to our verified pages: In Facebook , in Twitter , in telegram , on YouTube , in Instagram .
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726434-citajte-spravznij-ukrinform.html 
Canadian Cameco experts will help develop the Ukrainian Uranus Industry 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T18:08:24+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T18:08:24+03:00
Description: The Cameco Canadian company will send its experts to Ukraine to get involved in analyzing the situation in the uranium industry and helped to work out the solution for its development. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Канада', 'Міненерго', 'Уран', 'Галущенко', 'CAMECO']
Type: Article
 The Cameco Canadian company will send its experts to Ukraine to join the dominance of the situation in the uranium industry and helped to develop a solution for its development.
According to Ukrinform with reference to Ministry of Energy This was discussed during the meeting of Ukraine's Energy Minister Herman Galushchenko with the President and the Chief Implementation Director of Cameco Tim Hitzel.
“Cameco is ready to be our reliable partner in the development of the uranium industry. We develop joint measures for investment and modernization of the well -being to enhance our presence in Europe And to displace the Russians from this segmentation, ”Galushchenko emphasized.
Foto: Ministry of Energy 
It is noted that in the context of previously reached agreements between NNEC "Energoatom" and Cameco, the parties agreed on the sending of a group of Canadian specialists to Ukraine, who will join the analysis of the situation in the Ukrainian Uranean industry and help to work for its development.
Read also: agreements with Canada will accelerate the displacement of Russia's nuclear fuel - Galushchenko As it was reported, in March - April 2023 Between Energoatom and Camecobulo a number of contracts were concluded In order to ensure the use of the well -produced oxide concentrate in Ukraine and the supply of energy -amatoma for the period up to 2035 of nuclear materials - hexaftor of natural uranium(Natural UF6)for its further enrichment and production of nuclear fuel for Ukraine. _ First photo: camerafuel.com_
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726435-fahivci-kanadskoi-cameco-dopomozut-rozvivati-ukrainsku-uranovu-galuz.html 
In the Carpathians after bad weather strengthen the shore of Cheremosh 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T18:09:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T18:09:00+03:00
Description: In the Carpathian region, in the mountain area of Verkhovyna region, after bad weather strengthen the shore of Cheremosh. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['ДСНС', 'Прикарпаття', 'Ріка', 'Негода']
Type: Article
 In the Carpathian region, in the mountain area of Verkhovyna region, after bad weather strengthen the coastmosha.
About it in Facebook Informs the Main Directorate of the SES in Ivano-Frankivsk region, Ukrinform reports.
“Special technicians are involved in the elimination of the consequences of bad weather in Verkhovyna region. From the State Emergency Service of Ukraine in the region to the place of elimination of the consequences, a tractor with a semi -trailer is sent, which to the place of transportation of a track excavator, which is currently carrying out work on the coastal attachment of the river Cheremoshv village of Barvinkov in Verkhovyna region ”, - the message reads.
Vido: Main Directorate of the SES of Ukraine in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast 
It is noted that 8 units of local services have been involved in the elimination of the consequences of bad weather and renewable works after heavy rains.
“Due to heavy raining rains that have recently passed in Carpathian , there is no transportation to the village of the Black River in Verkhovyna region, even up to five settlements - Kozhan, head, cross, Holoshina and Probianivka - the passage is complicated ”,” the DSNS's administration.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724705-na-prikarpatti-silni-dosi-vidrizali-selo-vid-transportu.html)As the agency reported, due to heavy rains in the Carpathian region, two settlements were dotted without transport, 11 were deactivated. The water in the White Cherrymosh rose almost 2 m.
Cheremosh is a river in the Ukrainian Carpathians, Bukovina and Hutsul region. Right, the largest tributary of the Prut(Danube basin).
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726436-v-karpatah-pisla-negodi-ukripluut-bereg-ceremosa.html 
Russia will be warned of the consequences of a possible terrorist attack on the ZPP - Dmitry Kuleb 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T18:12:22+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T18:12:22+03:00
Description: Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba believes that Russia will send a warning that it will happen if it will resort to a terrorist attack at the Zaporizhzhia NPP. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16833... ']
Tags: ['Дмитро Кулеба', 'Росія', 'Запорізька АЕС']
Type: Article
 Minister of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba believes that Russia will be alert, however, if it will be a terrorist attack at the Zaporizhzhia NPP.
The head of Ukrainian diplomacy stated this in interview with public , reports Ukrinform.
“There will now be a lot of quiet diplomatic work, and I think that Russian will be a warning about what will happen if it goes to this step. The Russian Federation is another question, ”Kuleba said.
Read also: Kuleba and Stoltenberg discussed the content of NATO's decision to check for membership of Ukraine He noted that Ukraine is not tired of repeating that the best way to run to future tragedies created by Russia is to give Ukraine weapons needed to expel the Russian Federation from Ukraine.
"We have an understanding that while Russia will control at least one square meter, it will have a space of this square meter to arrange tragedies," the minister explained.
According to the Foreign Minister, he told different people during his visit to Dalonon, that Russia creates escalation, regardless of whether something opponent was doing. "Therefore, the best thing you can do is give us weapons to expel the Russian Federation," says Kuleba to his interlocutors.
Read also: [Ukraine has gathered new evidence about the conscious crime(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726236-ukraina-zibrala-novi-dokazi-sodo-svidomogo-zlocinu-rosian-z-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-zelenskij.html)As it was reported, on June 20, the head of the Main Directorate of Intelligence Ministry of Defense Budanov stated that the Russians had replaced the cooler at the Zaporizhzhia NPP, as if it would be disrupted, there is a significant likelihood that there will be a problem.
On June 22, President Volodymyr Zelensky said in a video report that Rff considers the scenario of a terrorist attack on the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Power Plant.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726437-rosiu-poperedat-pro-naslidki-mozlivogo-teraktu-na-zaes-dmitro-kuleba.html 
Russians created more than 15 camps in Luhansk region for their soldiers who refuse to fight 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T18:20:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T18:20:00+03:00
Description: One and a half dozen concentration camps were created by the Russians for the Luhansk region for those servicemen who refuse to go. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16502... ']
Tags: ['Російські військові', 'Концтабір', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 One and a half -doctrine of concentration camps created the Russians for the Luhansk region for the Persey servants who refuse to go into battle.
According to Ukrinform, about it in telegram The head of the Luhansk Regional Military Administration Artemlysogor informed.
At least 15 cellars or camps in the temporary -book territories of Ukraine are already known, where persons who refuse to take part in hostilities by the enemy are sent. One of them(camps - ed.)It is equipped in a loose that in the Trinity community near the border from the Russian Federation. There are Russians ”,” Lisogor wrote.
He also told how the invaders treat the local population.
Read also: Russia not Provides information about state * health * 'i Ukrainian Ukrainian captives* * - Coordination ** “Residents of Rubizhny are not in the basement, but also in isolation. The city is only available in the presence of registration. When presenting a passport of Ukraine, Russians demand to fill in the questionnaire with questions about the presence of relatives of the Ukrainian force block, relatives who live in the territory of "DNR", affixing to the Russian Federation and the war it has solved, " - said the head of the region.
Of course, they want to get the answers that arrange them. Otherwise forbidden.
As reported by Ukrinform with reference to the Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine, in some settlements of the Kherson region, the occupiers of the rally raid to identify residents who refuse to acquire Russian citizenship.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726129-rosiani-stvorili-na-lugansini-bils-ak-15-taboriv-dla-svoih-soldativ-aki-vidmovlautsa-vouvati.html 
In Chernivtsi, a photo exhibition of Mariupol monuments destroyed by the Russians opened 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T18:21:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T18:21:00+03:00
Description: The Chernivtsi Regional Museum opened a photo exhibition "Inscribed in history. Destroyed by war". It presents more than 30 photos of Mariupol architectural monuments that were destroyed as a result of Russian aggression. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Маріуполь', 'Чернівці', 'Фотовиставка', "Руйнування пам'яток", 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 A photo exhibition "Inscribed Vistoria. Destroyed by War" was opened by the Union Regional Museum. It presents more than 30 photos of Mariupol architectural monuments that were destroyed as a result of Russian aggression.
This was reported by Ukrinform correspondent.
"In the Chernivtsi Museum, we open today exhibition "Inscribed in history. Destroyed." It represents the most important architectural monuments of Mariupol, which were destroyed as a result of Russian aggression. In the creation of this exhibition, both professional photographers and ordinary indifferent residents of our Zamsta, who managed to take their photos from the occupied city, " - released an actor of the direction of culture" Yariiupol "in Chernivtsi Nataliyaruslanova.

 
The exhibition presented a hotel "Koninental", built by the family of the Italyan entrepreneurs at the end of the 19th century, the House of Reiger, the Hamper House, the House of Tregubova, as well as destroyed by the Russian airbamobambamidonetsk regional drama theater in Mariupol.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3724951-u-kievi-prezentuvali-vistavku-prisvacenu-pereselencam-i-bizencam.html)"Drama Theater for Mariupols and for all Ukrainians has become a kind of cynicism of Russian aggression today. At the exhibition of the last photo of the theater, we see a building strongly destroyed through aviation. Conspiracy and desire to conceal bloody crimes, "Aruslanova added.
This exhibition was first presented in Kiev, and its exposition lasted until May 1. Chernivtsi became the second city, where the photo work was brought to Mariupol objects. Further, it is planned to be shown in other cities of Ukraine, where the centers of "Yariupol" work.
In Chernivtsi, the exhibition will operate until June 29.
As reported by Ukrinform, at the exhibition within the framework of the Global Media Furum Deutschewelle in Bonn [presented the works of Ukrainian photographer Georges Ivanchenko]](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3725451-fotovistavku-pro-vijnu-v-ukraini-predstavili-na-mediaforumi-v-nimeccini.html), which recorded the momented from its first days in different regions.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726433-u-cernivcah-vidkrilasa-fotovistavka-znisenih-rosianami-pamatok-mariupola.html 
In Ukraine tomorrow will work a single register of weapons - explanation of an expert 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T18:22:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T18:22:00+03:00
Description: On June 23, a single register of weapons will start operating in Ukraine. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16125... ']
Tags: ['Зброя']
Type: Article
 From June 23, a single register of weapons will start operating in Ukraine.
According to Ukrinform, clarification on the introduction of the Unified Register was in a comment Ukrainian Radio Criminal law expert Gregory Usaty.
As reminded in Ukrainian radio, the Ministry of Internal Affairs is consulted that it will help to automate weapons and make permissions convenient and accessible to ordinary people.
The unified register of weapons will provide for the creation of e -offices. From now on, the Ukrainians will be able to receive the service without leaving home, submitting documents through a "single window of a citizen" or in a weapon sales store.
Commenting on the introduction of a unified register of weapons, the criminal expert has rightly suggested that "a good example of using the" Action "system can be mentioned here.
With regard to the purpose of registration of firearms, the Udaty noted that "it is not only about the accessibility to the register of Ukrainian citizens and the transformation of services is more reliable and more convenient."
"The main goal is to effectively prevent and investigate crimes that weapons can be achieved. expert.
According to him, "regarding the functioning of the Unified Register of Weapons of the Ministry of Internal Affairs, it is an effective control of the whole cycle of use weapons - That is, to make the processes of licensing of permits, acquisition, possession, check, neutralization and other processes concerning weapons, transparent. "
"Automation of such information support for the compression of weapons circulation is also envisaged. That is, the National Police can record the facts of the abduction of weapons, which makes it impossible for the corruption component in this area. Because it will make meters of the official, for example, from the permitting system to the citizen, the That is, when we talk about transparent services, we can mention a good example when I was recommended only on the positive side using the "Action" system. So the Ministry of Internal Affairs trying to direct its efforts approximately in such a way, " - explained the expert.He added that "some notes that weapons can be obtained" one -click. " War click. "
According to the expert, "the creation of a register of weapons is a desperate attempt at the Ministry of Internal Affairs somewhat to order what is exactly the ordering."
He emphasized that "Ukraine is the only state in Europe that still has no Armorable law."
"Bill No. 5708 of June 25, 2021" On the Right to Civilian Occasional Weapons "remained a law, because literally in the day until the full -scale invasion of the Russian Federation into the territory of Ukraine, Assham on February 23, 2022, but approved as a basis. The year is ongoing, and we have no law, " - said.
Therefore, according to the expert, "the Ministry of Internal Affairs realizes that it is nowhere else to pull. They are required to move and organize the circulation of weapons. Therefore, they take a step that depends on them."
However, the expert stressed that "these processes are independent of each other. After all, the Ministry of Internal Affairs represents the executive branch of power in the state, and the legislator - the legislative. So we very much need a weapons law, but the question is in what form."
He also noted that "today we cannot say that the permission of a firearm is acceptable."
"Therefore, everyone should know that in Ukraine there is free wearing on the streets today.(Pistols and revolvers), trophy weapons, recycled weapons, explosives and grenades. The weapon, which is tuned under the shots, is also outlawed, "the expert emphasized.
He stated that "we also do not have the purchase of weapons for self -defense."
"Therefore, the order of the Ministry of Internal Affairs, which has existed since the 1990s, allows only the purchase and circulation of the weapons of a corresponding purpose, in particular it is about hunting weapons,"-added.
In addition, the specialist explained what weapons Ukrainians can buy.
Read also: Ukrainians will be able to obtain permission for one -click weapons - MBA 
He added that "the purchase, storage and use of these weapons is performed under certain conditions."
"The Ministry of Internal Affairs may have gone further, but provided there will be a weapons law. Now, I think it is too early to say," the expert summed up.
As reported by Ukrinform, on May 25, the Minister of Internal Affairs of Ukraine Igorklimenko stated that the single register of weapons will work on June 23.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726444-v-ukraini-zavtra-zapracue-edinij-reestr-zbroi-rozasnenna-eksperta.html 
Chubarov: The invaders are confused, undermining the Chongar bridge greatly complicated their logistics 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T18:22:58+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T18:22:58+03:00
Description: The blow on the Chongar Bridge, which was inflicted this morning, complicated the logistics of Russian invaders. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Крим', 'Міст', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The strike of the Povongar Bridge, which was inflicted this morning, is very complicated by Russian invaders.
The head of the Majlisukhrim Tatar people Refat Chubarov told about it in a comment to Ukrinform correspondent.
“At the level of propagandists, politicians who do not make decisions - I mean colaborators - the occupiers are beginning to scatter themselves with psvodomists, they say, to investigate in the centers of decision -making in Ukraine. But they allegedly forgot that the fucking on Crimea They have been harvested from 9th last year. It began with a military airfield in Novofedorivka, then the destroyed ammunition depots near Jankoy, drowning on the headquarters in the Black Sea. The shot on the Chongar Bridge is one of the strokes that gives a powerful signal that in the field of view of the Armed Forces - the other, perhaps, more important are the Bus in the temporarily occupied Crimea. I mean the Cherkch Strait of the Kerch Strait, ”Chubarov said.
He noted that the Majlis of the Crimean Tatar people monitors the situation of the occupied Crimea.
Read also: CHONGAR CHONGAR Damage Intelligence CHECKS: WORKING, Further Way “At present, we see that there is a great confusion. I think there, detachment, there and despair. Logistics was very complicated for the invaders. And now this artery is blocked, at least on departure from Crimean Kherson, ”Chubarov said.
According to him, the invaders began to direct transport columns to Bikkrasnopekopskaya, Armenian, through Kalanchak and Chaplinka. However, these roads are unsuccessful for large transport flows.
“And the road through the Chongar Bridge played an important role for the supplies of ammunition. They were thus delivered from the temporarily occupied territories of Kherson and Zaporizhzhya regions to the Crimea. Because after undermining the Kerch Strait, the invaders are afraid to overload it. This centennial is harmful and there is a threat that can not withstand, ”the head of the Majlis added.Chubarov noted that there is still all opportunities in Ukraine to destroy the invaders in the temporarily occupied Crimea in Ukraine.
As reported by Ukrinform, on the Chongar bridge connecting the temporary -heated Crimea with mainland Ukraine a blow was hit, the movement of bridge -tinged. 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3726443-cubarov-zagarbniki-rozgubleni-pidriv-congarskogo-mostu-duze-uskladniv-ihnu-logistiku.html 
ATACAMS missiles for Ukraine: Kuleba told about the dialogue with the states 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T18:30:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T18:30:00+03:00
Description: Ukraine continues to negotiate with the United States and other countries on the transfer of ATACAMS and similar missiles. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16870... ']
Tags: ['Дмитро Кулеба', 'МЗС', 'Ракета']
Type: Article
 Ukraine is negotiating with the United States and other countries on the transfer of ATACAMS and similar missiles.
This was stated(https://suspilne.media/513295-ukraina-ne-tagar-dla-nato-a-aktiv-kuleba-pro-vidbudovu-kraini-formulu-miru-ta-ocikuvanna-vid-samitu-alansu/), reports Ukrinform.
He explained that since the beginning of a full -scale war, Ukraine had to unlock the sevenths of weapons and each conversation was difficult and began with "no", but finally the state received everything - "Western artillery and Himars, and Patriot, we will get iitli."
Read also: Bridlava called the US government to provide Ukraine with missiles ATACAMS “And here's this topic with ATACams. A rare occasion when the United States became a first -year Ukraine that gave us long -range missiles and then others tightened. The UK became the first country. We work with several other countries to make similar decisions. The conversation with the United States on this topic is ongoing, ”Kuleba said.
The minister has regretted that the US has not yet made this decision, but refused to criticize to Washington against other assistance to Ukraine.
"I think, and we will also solve this question in one way or another," the Foreign Minister summed up.
Read also: Members of the US Congress have presented a resolution calling for Ukraine atacms According to Ukrinform, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives considered and supported the two -party resolution H.Res. 488 with the call of Baiden's pre -administration for the immediate provision of ATACAMS missiles to Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726440-raketi-atacams-dla-ukraini-kuleba-rozpoviv-pro-dialog-zi-statami.html 
The Ministry of Defense calls for communities to actively participate in reconstruction processes 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T18:32:47+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T18:32:47+03:00
Description: The Ministry of Community Development, Territories and Infrastructure of Ukraine calls for communities to participate more actively in the recovery processes, since it will not be possible to make qualitative changes without them. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16769... ']
Tags: ['Тергромада', 'U-LEAD з Європою', 'Відбудова', 'Міністерство відновлення']
Type: Article
 The Ministry of Community Development, Territories and Infrastructure of Ukraine calls for more active participation in the recovery processes, as it will not be possible to make quality changes without them.
This was emphasized by the Deputy Minister of Community Development, Territories of Tainfrastructure of Alexander Azarchin during a panel discussion "Steleinclusive Recovery. Development of community capacity to satisfy the local demand ”, dedicated to the conference on the restoration of Ukraine, which takes place by Undon, Ukrinform correspondent reports.
“Any changes we promote depend on community participation. Without normal work on the ground, any most ambitious reform is defeated. That is why I want to invite all representatives of communities, civil society organizations and other participants. Please let's work together, ”Azarchina said.
She noted that now the agency is developing digital tools that will allow communities to work. In particular, she drew attention to the Fund for the elimination of armed aggression. “It is a unique source of funding for restoration in Ukraine. Only at the end of February, we took over the control of Zani. Since then, there has been a great change. We have put the community in the center of attention: it should apply for funding. This is an extremely important process to give the communities the opportunities for them to submit their applications to our e -system, ”the official said.
Read also: Bucha, Makariv, Vyshgorod: The first open bidding to rebuild the destroyed housing The Deputy Minister also reminded that from now on all citizens whose housing have been minor damage as a result of Russia's armed aggression will be able to use a service that also simplifies the processes for both people and local authorities. “The key idea of this is not only in the restoration of infrastructure, the local level is important here. Local self -government bodies are introduced by special commissions that should be very simply through electronic processes that there are such facts. I cite this as an example, ”Lazarchina emphasized.
The participants of the event discussed assistance to the communities in restoration, adhering to the principles of decentralization, and promoting the development of the ability to communicate local needs.The head of the parliamentary faction "Servant of the People", the chairman of the Verkhovna Rada Committee on the organization of state power, local self -government, regional development and urban planning, Elena Shuliak supported this position. "It is through community that development strategies will be formed, the recovery programs will be born of priority measures that relate to certain objects. All the residents who remain and work in Ukraine, the Nauschers of internal displaced persons, who are now over 8 million, are needed: Those who are going abroad, who will return from the front, all our citizens who will visit the victory of Ukraine and want to participate in the processes of recovery maximally, ”she emphasized.
Read also: Ukraine launches the initiative "We Build Ukraine" to unite international partners Representatives of the Government of Ukraine, local governments, associations of local self -government bodies and organizations of public society, with the participation of which should be established in order to effectively restore and develop local communities of the country, have joined the panel discussion.
The event took place on the initiative of the Ministry of Communities, Territories of Tainfrastructure of Ukraine in partnership with the Agency(SURGe), which is implemented by Alinea International Ltd., with the participation of local self -government -government, Ukrainian Association of Local Self -Government Organs, Anti -Corruption Initiative of the European Union in Ukraine(EU, Denmark), The International Renaissance Foundation, Ulead from the Europe of Isar Unity.
The Program for Ukraine for the expansion of rights and opportunities at local level, accountability and development "U-LEAD with Europe" The EU and its Member States Germany, Poland, Sweden, Denmark, Estonia and Slovenia to support Ukraine on its path of local government domestication. U-LEAD promotes a transparent, accountable Tabagator Directorate in Ukraine, which responds to citizens' needs and expands communities.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726446-minvidnovlenna-zaklikae-gromadi-do-aktivnoi-ucasti-u-procesah-vidbudovi.html 
Energoatom proposes to change the license of operation of reactorial installations 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T18:34:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T18:34:00+03:00
Description: SE "NNEGC" Energoatom "submitted proposals to the State Inspectorate of Nuclear Regulation of Ukraine (Diara) on changing the conditions of the license of the reactorial installations of the temporarily occupied Zaporizhzhia NPP. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15899... ']
Tags: ['Енергоатом', 'Запорізька АЕС', 'Петро Котін']
Type: Article
 SE "NNEC" Energoatom "submitted proposals to the State Inspectorate of Nuclear Regulation of Ukraine(DIARD)on changing the conditions of the license of the reactorial installations of the temporarily occupied Zaporozhye NPP.
According to Ukrinform, it reports the press service of NAEK "Energoatom" .
“We propose to limit the operation of the units of the Cold stop and stop for repair. We are now unable to ensure the operation of the fifth -energy block with compliance with all nuclear and radiation safety requirements, as it is vintage to be in a state of "hot stop" in conditions where the racists do not accept our orders to transfer it to a safe cold state. The established procedure and I think it will make appropriate changes to the license, ”said President of the company Petro Kotin.
Read also: Russia will warn of the consequences of a possible terrorist attack on ZPP - Dmytro Kuleba It is noted that the full suspension of the license is currently naked.
As reported, on June 8, 20123, the State Nuclear Regulation Inspectorate of Ukraine issued an order to the State Enterprise of NNECE "Energoatom" for the possession of the operation of the Energoblok No. 5 of the Zaporizhzhia NPP, as an object of the State Inspectorate, the state of the Cold Stock.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726447-energoatom-proponue-zminiti-umovi-licenzii-ekspluatacii-reaktornih-ustanovok-zaes.html 
The invaders increase the air defense forces in Azovstal - Andryushchenko 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T18:42:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T18:42:00+03:00
Description: Mariupol has recorded the movement of additional enemy air defense systems. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16514... ']
Tags: ['Азовсталь', 'Маріуполь', 'Війна з Росією', 'ППО']
Type: Article
 Umariupoli has recorded the movement of additional enemy air defense systems.
About it in telegram Petro Andryushchenko, a Merimariupol Advisor, reported, Ukrinform reports.
«Replenishment of the aircraft of the invaders. Now from Berdyansk to Azovstal . It would seem, with why here in the morning near Berdyansk? ”, - the post reads.
Read also: at the Illich Methodombite in Mariupol, the guns will be repaired - Andryushchenko As Ukrinform wrote, in the area of the temporarily occupied Berdyansk Zaporizhzhya region on the night of June 22, an explosion was heard . According to Andryushchenko, there was a content of concentration of invaders on the basis of the recreation "Rose" of the village of Azovskoye Berdyansk district. After a hit, there was a fire.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726451-zagarbniki-narosuut-sili-ppo-na-azovstali-andrusenko.html 
Georgia President has pardoned the prisoner CEO of the Main Opposition TV channel 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T18:44:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T23:44:00+03:00
Description: Georgia President Salome Zurabishvili signed an act of pardon by a prisoner journalist, the former CEO of the Georgian Channel Rustavi-2 and the current head of Mavari's TV company Nicoloz Gwaramia. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Грузія', 'Помилування', 'Президент', 'Журналіст']
Type: Article
 Georgia President Salome Zurabishvili signed an act of pardoning a journalist, a former CEO of the Georgian Channel Rustavi-2 and the current head of Mavari's TV company Nicoloz Gwaramia.
According to Ukrinform, the edition [Novosti-Grusia] reports about it(https://www.newsgeorgia.ge/prezident-gruzii-pomilovala-niku-gvaramija/).
“Today I signed an act of pardon by Nicoloz Gwaramia. I approved overwhelming after all the legal steps were exhausted on June 19, the Hollow Court did not satisfy the lawsuit. I am not going to explain this decision, so why it is my discretionary right, which I use today, ” - Razalazurbishvili.
Read also: [Ukrainian journalists held an action in Kiev.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718434-ukrainski-zurnalisti-proveli-u-kievi-akciu-na-pidtrimku-uvaznenogo-gruzinskogo-kolegi.html) 
It was reported that Nika Gvaramia is one of the main critics of the Government of Georgian Mrivria. In the summer of 2019, he was fired from the television company "Rusta 2" after a successful case to one of the former owners - loyal to Vladibusinessman Kibar Khalwashi.
Subsequently, Gwaramia created the MTAVARI channel, re -assembled the team.
In May 2022, the Tbilisi City Court condemned the Gwaramia to 3.5 years of imprisonment of will - it is the most severe punishment under the article on exceeding the power.
Read also: opposition in Tbilisi held a rally for the resignation of the Tai -European Government of Georgia 
The court pleaded guilty that his family used the expensive vehicle Porsche, obtained from a private company in exchange for placing advertisements on Rustav 2. According to the court, it has caused the interests of a private television company.
Foto: Novosti-Grusia 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726550-prezidentka-gruzii-pomiluvala-uvaznenogo-gendirektora-golovnogo-opozicijnogo-telekanalu.html 
Biden met with Prime Minister of India - will talk about the war in Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T18:45:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T18:45:00+03:00
Description: US President Joe Biden started meeting with India Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who arrived in America with a state visit. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Байден', 'Індія', 'США']
Type: Article
 Presidential Joe Biden began meeting with India Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who made a state visit to America.
The consequences of the Russian Federation against Ukraine are expected to be discussed during the White House meeting, Ukrinform correspondent reports.
"Together, India and the United States work closely on all questions: supply of poverty and extension of access to health care, solving the problems of climate change and overcoming food and energy security caused by the uncontrollable war of Russia in Ukraine," Biden said during the time Fashion in front of the white house.
Read also: the topic of Ukraine will become one of the top questions at the meeting Bibaiden and fashion - State Department American President separately emphasized the importance of interaction in the format "Quad"(US, India, Australia and Japan)to guarantee safety and prosperity Indico-Pacific. He emphasized that the challenges and opportunities that have arisen before the world in this century are demanded from India and the United States to work together.
As reported by Ukrinform, earlier in the White House repeatedly emphasized that the Ukrainian question and the answer to the challenges of the Russian war will be discussed during the meeting of Baiden and Fashion. The leaders of the two states are expected to announce the press before the negotiations on Thursday.
Photo: Twitter/President Biden
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726452-bajden-zustrivsa-z-premerom-indii-govoritimut-j-pro-vijnu-v-ukraini.html 
Ukraine presented a vision of the development of the health care system by 2030 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T18:49:59+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T18:49:59+03:00
Description: Ukraine presented within the International Ukraine Recovery Conference vision of the development of health care system by 2030 and investment opportunities. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['МОЗ', "Здоров'я", 'Відбудова']
Type: Article
 Ukraine has presented within the International Ukraine Recovery Conference for the development of health care system by 2030 and investment.
About it reports Ministry of Health , reports Ukrinform.
"Among the goals defined in the vision of the development of the health care system by 2030, comprehensive access to quality medical services and tools for the realization of health rights, transparent policies and the ability of the institution, as well as the conditions for development and realization of potential, including non -human resources, modern resources, modern resources technologies and scientific achievements, digitalization, attraction of investments and improvement of indicators of economic efficiency of the industry, " - the message reads.
Read also: Sexism in the Admissions Committee of the Lviv Medical University will be investigated by the Commission MoH According to the Ministry of Health, there is a consistent plan of actions of the government to implement prospective-private partnership in areas such as medical services, medical infrastructure, medical tourism, pharmaceutical industry, clinical examination, etc.
Now, according to the Ministry of Health, 1554 Health Objects have been damaged or completely destroyed.
As reported, the International Conference of Ukraine is held in London on June 21-22 in London(Ukraine Recovery Conference).
Фото: МОЗ
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726453-ukraina-prezentuvala-bacenna-rozvitku-sistemi-ohoroni-zdorova-do-2030-roku.html 
The Ministry of Health gave advice to Ukrainians what to do in the event of a radiation accident 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T18:50:58+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T18:50:58+03:00
Description: The risk that the Russians will commit another terrorist attack at the Zaporozhye NPP remains high. In the case of radiation danger, it is necessary to get to the premises as soon as possible and follow the instructions of the SES and local authorities. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15578... ']
Tags: ['ДСНС', 'МОЗ', 'Радіація', 'Запорізька АЕС']
Type: Article
 It is risks that the Russians will commit another terrorist attack at the Zaporozhye NPP remains high. In the case of radiation hazard, it is necessary to get a job as soon as possible and follow the instructions of the SES and local authorities.
Tips on what to do if a radiation accident happened the Ministry of Health , reports Ukrinform.
"First of all, remember that nuclear-strategic objects are built so that they can keep significant physical damage. Each region is constantly undergoing nursing radiation background to make sure that all indicators are normal. Regional centrcont control and prevention of the Ministry of Health are performed. In the event of an emergency, more detailed instructions for the one who should follow the following and other recommendations will be widespread through the information channels of the SES and local authorities. Most importantly - you need to stay indoors or urgently go on the street if you are on the street. This is the safest action that is a must -have, "the statement said.
First, the Ministry of Health advises to be in shelter. It can be a basement or other access. Radioactive material settles on the outside of the buildings, so it is best to stay as far away from the walls and the roof of the building. It is also necessary to keep the pets and not allow them to walk outside. If possible, you should look in the room without windows and outer doors, close the windows and doors, seal the holes with handy means(adhesive tape moistened with water fabric, etc.)Tag ventilation systems(air conditioners or heaters)In the house. It should be in shelter until the official authorities gave other instructions.
Secondly, You need to monitor the official sources of information: this message from rescuers(SES), police, local authorities. "Turn on television, radio, follow the official channels of information. Exactly, sign up for such channels on Telegram or Facebook. If locals and emergency officers give instructions - be sure to follow them," the Ministry of Health was voiced.
Read also: Russia will warn of the consequences of a possible terrorist attack on ZPP - Dmytro Kuleba 
They also recommend to wash if there is the opportunity: "Take a shower with a witch, wash your head with shampoo. Do not use hair conditioners as they can secure radioactive material on it. Do not rub and non -rented skin so that the radioactive material does not get in There are no open wounds. If you can take a shower, wash your hands with soap under running water, face and open body parts. If there is no access to water, use it with wipes, damp cloth. Pay special attention to the hands of the yobiccia, wipe your eyelids, eyelashes, ears. "
Need also to wear clean clothes. 
"Help your family and loved ones perform the above actions. Doing it in gloves and mask or respirator," the MOH called in the MOH
With regard to water and food safety they reported that packaging protects the liquid inside from radioactive substances. So only water in bottles will weigh the safe(not contaminated)while the rescuers or the authorities are not notified of the safety of tap water.
Boiling tap water does not deprive it of radioactive substances. Therefore, the brain will have a supply of water in bottles or other sealed containers. Drinks are also safe for use. Water in other containers in the house, such as a toilet or water heater, will not contain radioactive substances. Water or well water can be used for washing yourself, as well as packing with food and water.
Even if tap water is contaminated, it can still be used for decontamination. Any radioactive material that falls in all or groundwater will be diluted with water to a very low level and will be safe for washing skin, hair and clothing.
By analogy with water, foodstuffs are safe if you are stored(canned cans, jars, bottles, boxes, etc.). Такожбезпечною є їжа з холодильника та морозильної камери.
Перед відкриттям у МОЗ рекомендують протерти харчові контейнери вологоютканиною або чистим рушником. Те саме слід зробити із кухонним приладдям передвикористанням. Використану тканину чи рушник треба покласти у поліетиленовийпакет або герметичний контейнер і залишитиу місці, недоступному для людей ітварин.
У МОЗ наголошують, що йодид калію слід приймати не раніше відповідногоповідомлення від органів влади.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726447-energoatom-proponue-zminiti-umovi-licenzii-ekspluatacii-reaktornih-ustanovok-zaes.html)"It does not protect people from radiation, but protects only the thyroid gland of the blurring of radioactive iodine. That is, it is possible to protect yourself only if three basic rules are conditional - to be in shelter, to monitor the official information and to follow the instructions of the authorities," the Ministry of Health emphasizes. It is necessary that potassium iodide should only be taken if there is such an indication from the authorities or SES. "It is unacceptable to take potassium iodide.
Basic rules of conduct in the event of other emergencies can be found by link. As it was reported, Ukrainian intelligence has received information that Russian considers the script of a terrorist act on the ZPP with the release of radiation And everything was prepared for this.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726454-moz-dalo-poradi-ukraincam-so-robiti-v-razi-radiacijnoi-avarii.html 
The state of health of the Crimean Tatars Nariman Jelya and Asana Akhtemov deteriorates - Lubinets 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T18:58:25+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T18:58:25+03:00
Description: The health of the illegally prisoners of Crimean Tatars - the first deputy head of the Majlis Nasiman, and activist Asana Akhtemov - deteriorates. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Крим', 'Наріман Джелялов', 'Брати Ахтемови', 'Дмитро Лубінець']
Type: Article
 The state of health of illegally imprisoned Crimean Tatars - the first deputy head of the head Nariman Jellya and activist Asana Akhtemov - is deteriorating.
This was stated(https://ombudsman.gov.ua/news_details/ombudsman-rosiya-porushuye-prava-krimskih-politvyazniv-narimana-dzhelyala-ta-asana-ahtemova-na-zhittya-zdorovya-ta-nadannya-medichnoyi-dopomogi), reports Ukrinform.
"The state of health of illegally imprisoned Crimean Tatars -the first deputy chairman of the Majlis Nasiman Jamp and activist Asan Akhtemov -is deteriorating. he.
Read also: in Jalyal Ova in the pre -trial detention center developed varicose - the wife of the prisoner Nariman's wife, Jalya, said that he had swollen feet and varicose veins on both.
“These are the consequences that Nariman and other prisoners take 16 hours a day - from sixth in the morning to ten o'clock in the cameras on their feet, as it is not possible to go or sit on a bed. At the same time, such a ban also violates the rules of internal detention facilities of the order of the Russian Ministry of Justice, ”Ombudsman stated.
According to him, because of such a regime, Akhtemov is worse - he has exacerbated his back. The Human Rights Commissioner noted that the necessary treatment for Crimean political prisoners. Therefore, their attorneys turned because of this, and the improper conditions of detention, to the administration of the pre -trial detention center.
Read also: in the Kremlin political prisoner Jalyalov deteriorated health - Ombudsman Lubinets said that in the abuse of the prisoners, the Russians do not know the limits: they will be able to look into the eyes of a pre -trial detention center, they are still forced to teach a Russian anthem, and for disobedience - punish.
“For example, stand in a curved position at an angle of 90 degrees head down and hands up behind your back. Or prisoners are undergoing strict moral or psychological pressure, ”he said.He also emphasized the international community on the systematic and bold violation of the CRF of all norms of international humanitarian law in the temporarily occupied Crimea. In his belief, it is necessary to increase pressure on the Russian Federation, demanding the immediate release of all the illegally detained Ukrainians.
As it was reported, the "court" in Crimea condemned the first deputy chairman(Dzhelyalova)and Asana and Azizaachthem up to 17, 15 and 13 years of the strict regime colony in accordance with the case “On the Diversion on the Gas Payment”.
Photo: ombudsman.gov.ua
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3726458-stan-zdorova-krimskih-tatar-narimana-dzelala-ta-asana-ahtemova-pogirsuetsa-lubinec.html 
Ukrainian karatist Filipov won the bronze award of European games 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T19:00:27+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T19:00:27+03:00
Description: Ukrainian athlete Nikita Filipov became a bronze medalist of European games in Karate. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['карате', 'Європейські ігри']
Type: Article
 Ukrainian athlete Nikita Filipov became a bronze medalist of European Igor Karate.
In the semi-final match, Filipov gave way to Christ-Stefanos of Xenos(0:1)Harnesses, Ukrinform reports.
In the 60 kg weight category, he overcame Israel's representatives(1:0), Italy(2:1), had a draw with a German(0:0).
21-річний Філіпов став бронзовим медалістом разом з італійцем АнджелоКрешенцо, якого переміг раніше.
Читайте також: Костевич здобула «бронзу» Європейських ігор устрільбі з пневматичного пістолета з 10 метрів For the national team of Ukraine, the Filipova Medal became the fourth in European games. Earlier two "gold" in the piggy bank of the national team brought a couple of canoratousian-terrain and Kukharyk-Trunov, "bronze" from firing on the account of Elena Kostevich.
European games will last until July 2.
Photo: Karate Club "Champion"
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726460-ukrainskij-karatist-filipov-zdobuv-bronzovu-nagorodu-evropejskih-igor.html 
Ukraine's desire to start negotiating membership this year is a powerful incentive for reform - EU 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T19:02:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T19:02:00+03:00
Description: Ukraine's desire to obtain a decision to start joining the EU by the end of this year is a powerful incentive for the country in extremely difficult circumstances, as evidenced by the oral report of the European Commission. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16818... ']
Tags: ['Єврокомісія', 'Євросоюз', 'Реформа']
Type: Article
 The desire of Ukraine to get a decision to start negotiating on EU joining this year is a powerful incentive for the country in extremely difficult, as evidenced by the oral report of the European Commission.
This was stated by the Minister of European Executives by the EU of Sweden Jessica Rosvall at the EU -EU Chairman in the EU Sweden in Stockholm at a press conference at the Press Conference, Correspondenttus reports.
“We know that Ukraine would like to talk about membership negotiations this year. It is obvious that this step is important, it helps Ukraine continue the reforms in an extremely difficult period, ”the Swedish official said.
She called the "impressive" results of Ukraine in the implementation of reforms carried out in the year despite extraordinary circumstances. The list of such reforms, according to its words, includes the presentation of a new bill on Constitutional Court , adoption of a new law on the media, new legislation on advertising, reforming the important courts, appointment of a new chairman of the anti -corruption body.
"In addition, we have also congratulated Ukraine's efforts to adopt a new concern in the field of declaration of wealth, and this demonstrates that the government of Ukraine is desirable to go through all the necessary distance to increase transparency and for a fight with corruption," Rosvall said.
Read also: EU has to prepare for the adoption of such a great state as Ukraine - Shefchovich She reported that Moldova also made significant progress, despite the development of social and economic situation and Russia's attempts to destabilize Ukraine. A representative of the Swedish presidency in the EU expressed the readiness of the Member States to continue supporting the reforms in Moldova, in particular, with the increase of its administrative governing bodies. This topic will be discussed during a formal meeting of European ministers, which will take place next week with the participation of Viceremier of Moldova Nick Popezka.
In terms of Georgia, according to Rosvall, despite the progress achieved, the country needs to do more work. It is important that the EU sends a united message about the need to continue reforms.As it was reported, during the informal meeting of the EU Council in Stockholm, the European Commission has proved to the European Ministers preliminary oral conclusions on the implementation of the recommendations of the European Commission , which were reached by Ukraine, Moldova and Georgia in connection with their application for membership in the EU report.
The progress of Ukraine, Moldova and Georgia in the implementation of the declared recommendations will be evaluated in the annual report on expansion in October.
Ukraine expects EU decisions to start intergovernmental negotiations in the EU by the end of this year.
Photo: Scanpix/TT News Agency/Christine Olsson/TT
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726462-bazanna-ukraini-rozpocati-peregovori-sodo-clenstva-vze-cogo-roku-e-potuznim-stimulom-reform-es.html 
The counter -offensive will happen "like in the fall" - Zelensky 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T19:04:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T19:04:00+03:00
Description: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky states that the counter -offensive of the Ukrainian forces will happen in the same way as in the fall, when at first it seemed that the process had slowed down, and then the Armed Forces began to move rapidly. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16873... ']
Tags: ['Зеленський', 'Війна з Росією', 'Контрнаступ']
Type: Article
 Volodymyr Zelensky's Presidential Ukrainian declares that the counter -offensive of the Ukrainian forces would be as well as in the fall, when it seemed at first that it was slow and then the Armed Forces began to move rapidly.
He said this in BBC interview .
"Контрнаступ ми оцінюємо позитивно. Не все просто, бо є ті чи інші складнощі.По-перше, вся наша земля замінована, навіть там, де ми деокупували нашутериторію, майже 200 тисяч квадратних кілометрів нашої землі заміновано. Томуі контрнаступальні дії відбуваються непросто...Восени у нас були відповідніконтрнаступальні дії і здавалось, що це уповільнений процес. Але в якийсьмомент всі побачили, як ми стрімко почали просуватися вперед. Так само буде ітут", - зазначив Президент
Читайте також: Шмигаль - про контрнаступ : Ми бережемо солдатів іпросуваємося вперед According to him, of course, I would like to take steps more in the offensive, but "the one who is fighting is sway, and the one who knocks on the door, so will open."
"Therefore, in any case, we are confident in the success of counter -offensive actions," Zelensky said.
He stressed that the Ukrainian military is motivated unlike the Russian.
Read also: counter -offensive is not easy, because the Russian Federation replaced 200 thousand km² - Zelensky He also stressed that Russia daily causes terrible tragedies in Ukraine: "I am not sure that they can withstand us. But the fact that they are ready to go, to great suffering, to bring their steps to natural catastrophes, to a large scale catastrophes, absolutely Of course, " - saidzelensky.
He noted that after blasting the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, four thousand homes were flooded: "Someone says they wanted to prevent our contrast. Well, I will tell you honestly, do not believe such information. There are rockets, etc., "the head of state said.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726461-kontrnastup-vidbuvatimetsa-ak-voseni-zelenskij.html 
Chubarov told about events for the Crimean Tatar flag 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T19:05:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T19:05:00+03:00
Description: The head of the Majlis of the Crimean Tatar people, Refat Chubarov spoke about events for the Crimean Tatar flag, which is celebrated on June 26. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15970... ', ' 1687446748-88... ']
Tags: ['Чубаров', 'Кримські татари', 'Прапор']
Type: Article
 The head of the Crimean Tatar people, Refat Chubarov spoke about measures to the Crimean Tatar flag, which is celebrated on June 26.
Chubarov reported this during a press conference in Ukrinform.
"I would like to talk about some of the measures that we take to the Crimean Tatar flag ... Consider it a sincere invitation to participate," Chubarov said.
According to him, on June 26 at 9:00 there will be a ceremony(Str. Khreshchatyk, 36). До участізапрошені київський міський голова Віталій Кличко, представники Київськоїміської ради, народні депутати України, військовослужбовці, представникигромадськості.
Також 26 червня відбудеться церемонія підняття кримськотатарського прапорабіля будівлі Міністерства закордонних справ України. Час буде уточнений.
 At 14 o'clock the same day the thematic event is planned in the cultural space address Vladimirskaya, 69. There will be an exhibition of Crimean Tatar Sheurons, the performance of Crimean Tatar children's songs.
Chubarov noted that from the 17th to the 20 o'clock there should be a charity event named after Taras Shevchenko, which organizes the spiritual administration of Muslimcrimage together with the Majlis of the Crimean Tatar people, with the support of the Crimea funding.
“It is envisaged to treat Crimean Tatar cuisine, to distribute children to the children. We will coordinate everything with parents and certain services that care about the safety of people, ”said the head of the Majlis.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3715242-cubarov-zaklikae-pisla-deokupacii-krimu-znisiti-vsi-pamatniki-vstanovleni-rosianami.html)In addition, Chubarov added, thematic events in the regions, including water, Lutsk, Lviv. This will be informed in advance.
“We also plan an appeal to the Crimean Tatar people. We will give recommendations to holding certain events for the Crimean Tatar flags of the occupation of the Crimean Tatar flag, ”the head of the Majlis said.
Chubarov expressed confidence that the Crimean Tatar flag would become a symbolic connection of representatives of all ethnic communities in the Crimea after the release of a half from Russian invaders.The head of the Majlis noted that as soon as the Crimean Tatar people resumed the homeland institute - Kurultay, and this happened on June 26, 1991, a resolution on the national flag and the national Gymnin -Tatar people was approved.
"It testifies to the importance of continuity in the life of any nation, the path, this people goes," Chubarov says.
He noted that the day of the Crimean Tatar flag is celebrated in Ukraine 13-year in a row, although by 2014 many did not know what was a Crimean Tatar flag.
“The participants of the Dignity Revolution were attentive to what was happening around. How many saw an unfamiliar one, asked: what does it mean? This issue was concerned with the Ican Tatar flag. And then the participants of the revolution from the Crimea explained, Ivsi treated the flag very seriously. After 2014, the events related to the capture of Ukrainian Crimea, the actions of disobedience in the non-violent way under the Crimean Tatar flag, there is no need to explain how the Crimean Tatar flag looks. It is well known in Ukraine and all over the world, ”said Majlis head.
Read also: Chubarov : The invaders are confused, the blasting of Chongar ghost was very complicated by their logistics According to Chubarov, understanding how important the role of the Crimean Tatar flag is in Ukrainian political significance, the enemy tries to eliminate it measuring it.
“In the temporarily occupied Crimea, the demonstration of the State Flag of Ukraine is not formally prohibited, but it is not used in fact ... In the case of the Tatar flag, the invaders try to allegedly bribe the Crimean Tatars, giving permission to use it, but only near the flag of the aggressor country. The Crimean Tatars are well aware of such cases, they are very small, they occur with the participation of a few collaborators. Where there is no flag of the aggressor country, ”said Chubarov. It was reported that the day of the Crimean Tatar flag in Ukraine is celebrated on June 26.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3726464-krimskotatarskij-prapor-stane-simvolom-obednanna-usih-etnicnih-spilnot-u-krimu-cubarov.html 
In Ukraine tomorrow keeps the heat - mainly without precipitation 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T19:06:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T19:06:00+03:00
Description: On Friday, June 23, changing cloudiness is expected in Ukraine, short -term rain with thunderstorms is possible in the western, northern and Kharkiv regions. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16552... ']
Tags: ['Дощ', 'Гроза', 'Погода', 'Спека', 'Прогноз']
Type: Article
 Pyatynitsa, June 23, is expected to be changing in Ukraine, short -term thunderstorms are possible in the western, northern and Kharkiv regions.
Ukrinform was reported at the Ukrainian Hydrometeorological Center.
Night and morning in the west of the country in some places. Wind southwestern pelvic, 5-10 m/s.
The temperature at night will be 15-20 °, in the afternoon 27-32 °.
In Kyiv and Kyiv region on June 23 without precipitation. Temperature in the capital at night18-20 °, in the afternoon 29-31 °; In the area at night 15-20 °, in the afternoon 27-32 °.
In the next two days in Ukraine will remain changing cloudiness with rains and a decrease in air temperature in individuals. In particular, on June 24 in Western, Eastern, in the afternoon and in the central tape areas moderate(at night in Transcarpathia in places significant)rains, thunderstorms, in the rest of the territory without precipitation; Temperature at night 15-20 °, in the afternoon 27-32 °, nast areas 19-24 °.
June 25 at night in the northern and central regions, in the afternoon in Ukraine, except for social-east areas, thunderstorms; Temperature at night 15-20 °, in western holes 10-15 °; day 21-26 °, in the south and east of the country 25-30 °.
In the capital region June 24-25, short-term rains, thunderstorms(On the night of June 24 without precipitation). Вітер західний, 7-12 м/с. Температура у Києві вночі 17-19°; вдень24 червня близько 30°, 25 червня 22-24°. По області вночі 15-20°, вдень 24червня 27-32°, 25 червня 21-26°.
Читайте також: Торішнє літо у Європі було найтеплішим в історії -кліматологи During June 26-27 in Ukraine, according to forecasters, there are small sometimes small(June 26 in most central and eastern regions moderate)Shorttime, thunderstorms.
The temperature at night is 14-20 °, in the western regions 11-16 °; In the afternoon 21-27 °, wedding, June 26 and in the eastern regions up to 31 °.
In Kyiv and the region on June 26-27, there is a slight rain, thunderstorms. The temperature at night 16-18 °, in the afternoon 23-25 °.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726345-v-ukraini-zavtra-utrimaetsa-speka-perevazno-bez-opadiv.html 
PACE supported the formula of Zelensky peace and Ukraine's accession to NATO 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T19:08:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T19:08:00+03:00
Description: The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe has approved the resolution "Political Consequences of Russian Aggression against Ukraine", which supported Ukraine's accession to NATO and the formula of Peace of Vladimir Zelensky. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15619... ']
Tags: ['ПАРЄ', 'Резолюція', 'Воєнні злочини', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe has adopted the Resolution "Political Consequences of the Russian Federation Against Ukraine", which supported Ukraine's accession to NATO and Formulumir Vladimir Zelensky.
The final resolution after urgent debates on Thursday supported 80 Parliamentarians, reports Ukrinform.
“The Russian Federation not only returned to Europe a devastating aggressive war, ah expanded the boundaries of what can be used as weapons, from migrants of pre -energy, from economic influence to the capture of the elite, from the ecocyide of the pre -erase of Ukrainian children and other citizens, Russian certification of Ukrainian citizens on temporarily occupied territories, ”the document reads.
The resolution states that the Russian leadership threatens nuclear war, increased the risk of nuclear accidents at the Zaporozhye NPP, which is illegally under Russia.
The Assembly also expressed deep concern for the deployment of Russian tactical nuclear weapons in Belarus, which began in May 2023, as well as reports on the possible deployment of strategic weapons.
Read also: PACE has adopted a resolution on the non-admission of athletes of Irrigation and Belarus at the 2024 Olympics The PAC has noted that international responsibility should extend to all private military companies, proxy and allies related to the Rivne Federation, which commit crimes and unlawful acts in the territory of Ukraine, including the Wagner group and Kadyrov's army.
“The Council of Europe Member States must issue a red message(order)Anti -anti -influx and members of these international terrorist groups, ”the breach states.
The text of the resolution contains a call to the countries to join the Agreement on the Register caused by aggression of the Russian Federation against Ukraine, to expand the register on losses committed by private military groups, militarized groups and other military groups fighting for the Russian Federation.
PACE also calls for the intensification of diplomatic actions on the international isolation of the Russian Federation and Belarus as its accomplice in the war against Ukraine; to counteract the false narratives on the invading war and the system of sanctions that the Russian Federation, its allies and partners are distributing.
The Assembly also calls on the member states of the Council of Europe, which are members of NATO, to support Ukraine's membership in NATO."In the Resolution" Political Consequences of Russian Aggression against Ukraine "PACE fully supports the President of Zelensky's peace plan, as well as subsequent revolutionary pubes," the Verkhovna Rada said in telegram .
! Europe Join to Register loss ](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725581-agresiu-rf-proti-ukraini-rinkevics-zaklikae-krainicleni-radi-evropi-priednatisa-do-reestru-zbitkiv.html)1 . continuation and strengthening of additional civil and military assistance *, including through re -export of their own goods;
2 . creation of strategic European economic autonomy from Russian Naft and Gas as the main tool of blackmail of Europe;
3 . Measures for prevention resale of Russian minerals to European -recycling third countries;
4 . Expanding the list individuals and legal entities which are subject to restrictive measures(sanctions)in the Russian Federation, Belarus and third countries;
5 . Introduction of the main categories for the purpose of conducting special Supervision of avoiding sank evasion; 
6 . the process of creating a harmonized mechanism for monitoring observance and tracking their evasion, including through resale by third countries;
7 . Creating Public Register of Companies and Persons Working Russian interests including help to evade sanctions ; 
8 . Recognition of Wagner PEC and other paramilitary formations that are taken in the Russian invasion of the Russian Federation("Kadyrov's" and others)- terrorist groups;
9 . Recognition of the mode RF , How one that imitates the dangerous ideology of the person **. Rashism consists of hundreds of examples of war crimes and directly provoke a crime of genocide;
10 . launching the field of science of Russian colonial policy, in order to learn past politicians and practices of the Russian Federation aimed at pursuing imperialist policy;
11 . The recognition of the Russian Federation is guilty of a war crime - an ecocid crime , which is a way of blasting the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station in order to suspend a counter-offensive;
12 . Creation of strategic economic autonomy from Russian gas Tanafti used by the Russian Federation to expand the imperialist geopolitical purpose.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726463-pare-uhvalila-rezoluciu-pro-povnu-pidtrimku-mirnogo-planu-zelenskogo.html 
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station and new security doctrine: President held a meeting with the Ministry of Internal Affairs 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T19:13:03+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T19:13:03+03:00
Description: President Volodymyr Zelensky held a meeting with the Minister of Internal Affairs Igor Klimenko, which discussed ways of eliminating the consequences of the undermining of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station and the issue of preparation of a new doctrine of Ukraine. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Клименко', 'МВС', 'Зеленський']
Type: Article
 The Presidential Lordir Zelensky held a meeting with the Minister of Internal Affairs Igor Klimenko, which discussed ways of eliminating the consequences of the Podrivkakhovsky Hydroelectric Power Plant and the issue of preparation of the new doctrine of Ukraine.
This is stated in the official [telegram channel of the President of Ukraine]](https://t.me/V_Zelenskiy_official/6670), reports Ukrinform.
"Meeting with the Minister of Internal Affairs Klimenko. Kherson and the region. Elimination of Russian terrorist attacks on hydroelectric power plants, providing people with drinking water, fixing harm for people to get help. To provide all the conditions for a normal life, "Zelensky reported.
Read also: in Kherson region, nearly 600 houses remain flooded - Klimenk o In addition, he said, the issue of preparation of a new doctrine, including a security component, was considered.
"These are more strategic issues. What concerns the new policy and new security standards. Very thorough proposals. I am grateful to anyone who is involved in the work," the Head of State stressed.
Read also: Khokhovsk ** Kakhovsk. All news As reported by Ukrinform, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the online assessment of the pre-organization of the US states expressed his conviction that those who gave the impact on the destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station and the reservoir understood the consequences of their actions.
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726466-kahovska-ges-ta-nova-bezpekova-doktrina-prezident-proviv-naradu-z-glavou-mvs.html 
Defense forces struck 23 art units, communication units and the management point of the Russians 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T19:20:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T19:20:00+03:00
Description: The Defense Forces of Ukraine were struck by 23 artillery units, two communications units and the Russian troops. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Генштаб', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The forces of Ukraine were struck by 23 artillery units in the day, two units of communication and the point of management of Russian troops.
According to Ukrinform, the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine reported on Facebook. "Divisions of rocket troops and artillery during the day were struck by a punctuation, two areas of concentration of personnel and military technician, two ammunition warehouses, one composition of fuel and lubricants, 23 artillery units at fire positions, two means - is in the message.
In addition, the aviation of defense forces per day made 7 strokes in the areas of depreciation of the personnel of the Russian troops and four on the anti-aircraft missile complexes of the enemy.
At the same time, during the day, Russian invaders struck Ukraine's rocket and aviation impact, using three aerobalist missiles X-47 "Dycoal", three winged X-22 and four drones Shahd-136/131. Three drones-Kamikadze was destroyed by the forces and means of the air forces of the Air Force of Ukraine.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726429-v-op-rozpovili-pro-sprobi-rosii-vdariti-kindzalami-po-dambi-u-krivomu-rozi.html)In addition, the enemy caused 44 aviation strikes, carrying out about 30 shelling of the reactive systems of volley fire on the positions of Ukrainian troops and inhabited pens. There is an infrastructure destruction, and civilians were also injured.
The likelihood of rocket and aviation strikes throughout Ukraine is high.
According to the General Staff, the enemy continues to concentrate the main efforts of Nalimansk, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Marinsk directions, and there are heavy fights. More than 20 combat clashes took place during the day.
In Volyn and Polissya directions Operational situation without significant changes. In the Kupyansk direction Russian troops carried out unsuccessful successive actions in the direction of Sinkivka and inflicted an aviation strike in the district of acidic region of Kharkiv region. Artillery and mortar shellings were aggressor, well, Krasne First, Figolivka, Novomlinsk, two -year, Western, Masyutivka, Kislivka, Berestovo, Kharkiv region.
Read also: invaders in a week lost 4.6 thousand killed and wounded - Ukraine in the OSCE In the Lyman direction the Russians struck in the districts of Lugansk region and Ivanivka, Thorns, Bigorivka, Dibrovy of Taspyrny Donetsk region. The artillery shellings were suffered by Nevskoye, Dibrova, Bigorivka of Lugansk region and Thorke, Serebryanka, Verkhnamyanskoye, controversial, Rozdolivka of Donetsk region.
In the Bakhmut direction Russian troops struck the air strikes of Bogdanivka, White Mountains and the North Donetsk region. The districts of the settlements of Rai-Alexandrovka, Vasyukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarkove, Yar, Ivanivske, Ivanovskaya, South, New York, Donetsk region were injured from the hostile shellings.
In the Avdeevsky direction the army of the Russian Federation carried out unsuccessful successive actions in the area of Severny and Avdiivka. In addition, the aggressor of causing strokes in the districts of Avdiivka and Nevelsky and made artillery units of areas of settlements Lastokne, Avdiivka, Karlovka, Pervomaisko and Neuelsk Donetsk region.
Read also: enemy fire Ya showed Kherson, wounded two people In the Mariinsky direction the enemy performed offensive actions in the directions of Marjinka and Victory of Donetsk region, there was no success. Also the aggressor of the strike in the Krasnogorivka area of Donetsk region. At the same time Russian troops carried out artillery shelling of settlements Maximilyanivka, Marinka, St. George and Victory of Donetsk region.
In the mineral direction the enemy struck aviation strikes near Zolotoviv, Greater Novosilka and the Blessed. She was fired at the settlements Paraskaskovivka, Novomikhailivka, Glessed Donetsk region.
In Zaporizhzhya and Kherson directions The aggressor continues to keep defense, focuses basic efforts on preventing the promotion of Ukrainian troops.The Russians try to restore the lost position in the Makarivka area of the Donetsk region. Russian troops inflicted aviation strikes in Storozhev Tamakarivka. And also made artillery shelling of settlements, Makarivka, Storozhevo, Green Field, Temivka of Donetsk region; Levadne, Red, Gulyaipole, Magic, Novoandriivka, Steppe, Pyanthov, Zaporizhzhya region; Golden Balka, Mikhailivka, Dudchans, Ivanivka, Sadovo, Youth, Belozerka, Antonovka, Kherson, Dniprovsk Kherson Region.
According to the General Staff, as a result of the blasting of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station in a number of settlements, the temporarily captured territory of the Kherson region sharply deteriorated the sanitary-epidemiological situation. In particular, due to the lack of access to the proper medical care and quality water, outbreaks of viral hepatitis A have been noted, there is also a threat of other viral diseases. In turn, Russian invaders do not know the increase in the number of morbidity and vice versa try to get it. Measures to stabilize the sanitary and epidemiological situation of the Uregion are not carried out.
As reported by Ukrinform, the Armed Forces of Ukraine from February 24, 2022 to June 22, 2023 liquidated about 222 thousand 650 Russian invaders , and 650 people - over the past day.
Foto: General Staff of the Armed Forces 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726471-sili-oboroni-urazili-23-artpidrozdili-vuzli-zvazku-ta-punkt-upravlinna-rosian.html 
Damage from Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power Plant can reach hundreds of billions of hryvnias - minister 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T19:25:24+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T19:25:24+03:00
Description: Currently, the losses suffered by Ukraine as a result of the blasting of the Kakhovsky hydroelectric power station are about $ 1.5 billion, but this is not the final amount. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16864... ']
Tags: ['Каховська ГЕС', 'Війна з Росією', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 Currently, Ukraine has suffered about $ 1.5 billion as a result of Ukraine's blasting, but this is not the final amount.
About it on the air of marathon the only news reported The Minister of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources of Ukraine Ruslan Strilets, Ukrinform reports.
“These barbaric actions of the racists have caused losses of $ 1.5 billion to the state this is not the final figure. According to our preliminary forecasts, the losses can be deducted hundreds of billion hryvnias, ”the shooter said.
Read also: Kakhovskaya HPP and new security doctrine: President held a meeting with the Ministry of Internal Affairs He also reported that part of the ecosystem of the South of Ukraine is lost forever. It is, in particular, endemic species of animals.
"When we consider the losses, we understand that we have lost, most likely and half," the shooter added.
As it was reported, in the Kherson region as of the morning of June 22, 20 settlements - 3 on the Right Bank and 17 - on the Left Bank remain submitted on June 22.
Photo: Minagro
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726473-zbitki-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-mozut-sagnuti-soten-milardiv-griven-ministr.html 
Investments in Ukraine's reconstruction - the government presented organic cases of the international community 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T19:36:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T19:36:00+03:00
Description: The two -day conference on Ukraine's Ukraine Recovery Conference 2023 was attended by leaders and representatives of more than 60 countries and more than 400 companies from 38 countries. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ', ' 1687451591-11... ', ' 1687451592-59... ', ' 1687451591-11... ', ' 1687451591-60... ']
Tags: ['Бізнес', 'Відбудова', 'Ukraine Recovery Conference']
Type: Article
 Leaders and representatives of more than 60 countries and more than 400 companies from 38 countries were involved in the two -day Ukrainian Recovery Conference 2023.
During the conference, an investment case was presented for the implementation of existing projects and the development and implementation of new areas of production and processing of organic agricultural products of PE "Galx-Agro".
 “This is an incredible opportunity to attract investments in the rebuilding of our country. At the conference of the Ministry of Agrarian Policy and GS "Organic Ukraine" represent the nuniest level of our organic producers. Organic manufacturers include an institutional plan for Ukraine's restoration!And this is a remarkable for us, ”the company reported.
 Galx-Agro Director Alexander Yushchenko notes that the enterprise that was built in 2008 and today is one of the largest organic-certified producers of organic crop, animal husbandry and processing Ukraine.
 "We are a vertically integrated company consisting of enterprises that make a production line" From Lana to Table, "he said.
 _ Investment portfolio has seven cases: _
1 . Greenhouse Development 
The purpose of the project is to build a greenhouse on an area of 10 hectares to provide the population of Ukraine with organic vegetables and greens.
And the stage of implementation of the project: construction of a greenhouse complex for growing organic vegetables and greens on an area of 3 ha.
The payback period of the greenhouse(From the moment of commissioning)- up to 5 years.
2 . Perspective plan production of cereals and flour 
The purpose of the project: construction of its own processing shop for providing the population of Ukraine and Europe with high quality cereals and flour from organic crops raised by PE "Galax -Agro" - polves, winter wheat, barley, oats, peas, corn, buckwheat, millet, and low -wicked varieties .
3 . Construction of a slaughterhouse 
The goal is to provide your own production of organic sausage and meat products, the production of halal products and baby food from certified organic raw materials.
The production capacity of the slaughterhouse - up to 10 tons of meat in live weight per day.
The payback period of the project is up to 5 years.
4 . DAIRY Raw materials - milk - PE "Galax -Agro
The payback period of the project is up to 5 years.
5 . Production of pig production 
The purpose of the project is to increase the number of pigs from 500 to 2400 goals to ensure the production of certified organic pork in the greater production.
6 . Organic broiler production 
The purpose of the project is to grow meat breeds in organic conditions, to ensure the population of Ukraine and Europe with organic chicken, with livestock -40,000 chickens.
*!
Objective: Trade in high quality Ukrainian organic products, the development of the world in the world, the provision of British population with quality healthy foods.
Among Oleksandr Yushchenko's investment projects is the construction of a residential complex for victims of Russian invasion.
Today, Ukrainian business is an example of endurance and stability that is being made for the war. Involving investments will give a rapid recovery and development of an organic agricultural sector.
Foto: Elena Kohogod, President of organic Ukraine GS _ 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726477-investicii-u-vidbudovu-ukraini-urad-predstaviv-organicni-kejsi-miznarodnij-spilnoti.html 
Defense forces continue to step on the Melitopol and Berdyansk directions - a painter 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T19:36:05+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T19:36:05+03:00
Description: Defense forces continue to step on the Melitopol and Berdyansk directions. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Мелітополь', 'Війна з Росією', 'Ганна Маляр']
Type: Article
 The Deborons continue to step on the Melitopol and Berdyansk directions.
About it in telegram reported by the Deputy Minister of Defense Anna Malyar, Ukrinform reports.
"Over the current day, the situation has not changed significantly. In the south, the offensive of our siloborons continues, we are gradually moving forward, we have partial successes, we push the enemy and align the front. The forces of Ukraine's defense continue in the Melitopol and Berdyansk directions. borders, "the painter reported. She added that the enemy was trying to restore the lost positions, tightens and applies reserves, however, it suffered great losses. In the east of Ukraine, according to the Deputy Minister, the forces of defense conducted as offensive, such defense.
Read also: Defense forces do not allow the aggressor to move to Donetskinit Luhansk region - painter Thus, in Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions, fighting, the forces of defense continue to restrain the enemy's offensive.
In particular, as the painter added, the most severe fighting - in the Liman direction in the districts of theabrov, Serebryansk forestry and Grigorivka of Donetsk region. During the defense, the offensive actions in the direction of Bigorivka - oak, long -range success, are fixed on the reached boundaries.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725024-vijskova-operacia-na-pivdni-mae-dekilka-zavdan-i-zsu-ih-vikonuut-malar.html)According to Ukrinform, according to the General Staff of Ukraine, during the preoccupy invaders struck a rocket and aviation strike in Ukraine, using 3 aerobalist missiles X-47 "dagger", 3 winged X-22 missiles and 4 drones "Shahd-136/131". 3 drones of Kamikadze were destroyed by the forces and means of air defense of the air forces forces forces of Ukraine. In addition, the enemy has struck44 aircraft strikes, made about 30 shelling of jet system fire fire on the positions of our troops and settlements. There are destruction of infrastructure objects, the civilian population was injured.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726476-sili-oboroni-prodovzuut-nastupati-na-melitopolskomu-ta-berdanskomu-napramkah-malar.html 
The UN has added Russia to the List of Shame for Murdering Children in Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T19:43:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T19:43:00+03:00
Description: UN Secretary General Anthony Guterres approved the decision to add Russian armed forces to the global list of evil violators contained in the report "Children and Armed Conflict" for the murder and injury of children and attacks on schools and hospitals. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16812... ']
Tags: ['Діти', 'Росія', 'Єрмак']
Type: Article
 UN Secretary General Anthony Guterres has approved the decision to add armed Sylirf to the global list of evil violators contained in the report "Children of Tazorous Conflict" for the murder and injury of children and attacks on schools and hospitals.
Ukrinform reports with reference to Reuters .
Also in your telegram Presidential office Andriy Yermak was announced about it.
"The UN has introduced Russia to the list of shame for killing children in Ukraine," - wrote.
Read also: "White Angels" evacuated from Toretsky Father with Quarten According to the UN, Yermak said, in 2022, Russia killed 136 children, crippled 518 children, carried out 480 attacks on schools and hospitals, and used91 children as a live shield.
"I would like to point out that Russia stops Ukrainian children and continues to kill in 20123. Putin is a military criminal, as well as all his surroundings together with terrorists, commanders and performers of criminal orders," - emphasized.
According to Ukrinform, according to the Office of the Prosecutor General, 489 children were killed in Ukraine as a result of a full -scale invasion of Russia, and another 1026 were killed.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726480-oon-vnesla-rosiu-do-spisku-ganbi-za-vbivstva-ditej-v-ukraini-op.html 
Zelensky dismissed the Ambassador of Ukraine to Belarus 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T19:52:26+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T19:52:26+03:00
Description: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky signed a decree on the release of Igor Kizim from the post of emergency and plenipotentiary ambassador of Ukraine to the Republic of Belarus. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16638... ']
Tags: ['Білорусь', 'Посол', 'Зеленський']
Type: Article
 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky signed a decree on the dismissal of Igor Kizim from the submission of the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Ukraine to the Republic of Belarus.
According to Ukrinform, the relevant decree was published on Presidential site .
"To release Kizim Igor Yurievich from the post of extraordinary and plenipotentiary of Ukraine in the Republic of Belarus," - the decree reads.
Read also: the Ministry of Foreign Affairs withdraws Ambassadors from Minsk after meeting Lukashenko with a DNR copper It was reported that Kizim was appointed Ambassador of Ukraine to Belarus on February 20, 2017. On April 18, 2023, he was summoned to consult a liaison with an unfriendly act on the part of the Republic of Belarus, directed by the drinking of the Russian aggressor state.
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726482-zelenskij-zvilniv-posla-ukraini-v-bilorusi.html 
Ukraine won the Gold of European Games-2023 in water jumps 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T19:53:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T19:53:00+03:00
Description: The Ukrainian national team in the water in Ksenia Baylo, Danylo Konovalov, Anna Lita and Alexei Sereda won a mixed team tournament at the European Games 20123 in Krakow (Poland). - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Спорт', 'Стрибки у воду', 'Європейські ігри']
Type: Article
 The national team from jumping into the water in Xenia Baylo, Danylo Konovalov, Annikovnyna and Alexei Sereda won a mixed team tourna(Poland).
За сумою шести стрибків на 3-метровому трампліні та 10-метровій вишці українцінабрали 438,3 очка, випередивши команди Італії та Іспанії, передає Укрінформ.
Підсумкові результати: 
1. Україна - 438,3 бала
2. Італія - 398,25
3. Іспанія - 381,45.
Читайте також: Веслувальники Кухарик і Трунов здобули друге «золото» дляУкраїни на Європейських іграх It was reported that for Ukraine it is the third "gold" at the III European Games. The first two were conquered in rowing.
Photo: Getty Images/Global Images Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726483-ukraina-vigrala-zoloto-evropejskih-igor2023-v-stribkah-u-vodu.html 
As a result of flooding, Ukraine can lose up to 70% of forest plantations in the south 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T19:53:56+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T19:53:56+03:00
Description: The flooding of forests due to the undermining of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant has led to the loss of biodiversity in the forests and in adjacent landscapes of the region. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16872... ']
Tags: ['Екологія', 'Ліс', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 The flooding of forests due to the undermining of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant has led to the loss of bizarre in forests and in adjacent landscapes of the region.
About it reports the press service of SE "Forests of Ukraine" in Facebook , reports Ukrinform.
“We can already talk about the loss of biodiversity in forests and in adjacent landscapes. The flooding, most likely, will die part of the birch fos, including some of the largest oaks-giants of Kherson region, they will be everywhere in the Zburian forestry near the Dnieper shore. Coniferous is also a little chance, because we observe the long stay of trees in the water of the traveling soil, ”the message reads.
According to experts, when flooding up to 10 days dies up to 30% of forestry, and with prolonged flooding(10 to 20 days)The probability is up to 70%.
In addition, among the short -term consequences of flooding, experts are called roots and the death of trees due to lack of oxygen, deterioration of stanuses as a result of mass damage to diseases and pests, as well as degradation of soil and reduction of its fertility.
“The instantaneous lifting of water after the blast of hydroelectric power plants did not leave the chances of surviving the largest animals that inhabited the forests of Kherson region. In the Kherson region, hunting grounds with a total area of 27.5 thousand hectares were surprised, ”he added to the state enterprise.
Read also: damage from Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station can reach hundreds of hryvnias - minister According to the latest state registration of hunting animals for 2021, the gerrulates of these hunting grounds were approximately 1,059 individuals of ungulates, 22 085 individuals of fur and 160 thousand birds.
Among the long -term consequences that will be observed in the year are increased production, drying of plantations due to a decrease in groundwater.
Experts do not exclude an increase in fire hazard due to reduction of groundwater levels in coniferous plantations.
As it was reported, as a result of ecocide in Kherson region It flooded 55 thousand hectares of forests with 47 thousand hectares - these are occupied territories. In Mykolaiv region, the flood covered almost 3 thousand hectares of forest plantations.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726484-vnaslidok-pidtoplenna-ukraina-moze-vtratiti-do-70-lisovih-nasadzen-na-pivdni.html 
Kuleba: In Vilnius a step towards Ukraine's membership in NATO will be taken, the question is how long 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T19:57:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T23:57:00+03:00
Description: At the July Summit of NATO in Vilnius, partners will take a step towards Ukraine's membership in the Alliance, but now the question remains how long it will be. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16594... ']
Tags: ['Дмитро Кулеба', 'МЗС', 'НАТО', 'Україна']
Type: Article
 NATO NATO Summit in Vilnius will take a step towards Ukraine's membership, but the question remains how long it will be.
This was stated by Foreign Minister Dmitry Kuleb in an interview "public" , reports Ukrinform.
“From the fact that I understand about the Vilnius summit, we are now in the stage where partial expectations are already satisfied, let's say so. But I will say metaphorically: when they were talking to a conversation with partners about the Vilnius summit, they insisted that they took a step towards Ukraine's membership in NATO. This problem is solved today. The crop will be done. The question of how long will it be, how wide will it be brought and delivered? And this is in itself an achievement, ”said the head of Ukrainian diplomacy.
According to him, the Ukrainian side says "tough things", we were sent to us: "Do not bend, you have to rely on us and listen to what we will do."
Read also: Ukraine will receive an invitation to NATO after completing the Czech President 
“But the President is adamant in this matter: NATO's membership of Ukraine is a single way to prevent new wars in Europe. And this is really true, ”Kuleba has.
It was reported that on July 11-12 in Vilnius _ NATO Summit will take place. _
At all levels, the Ukrainian side emphasized that the assurances that "Ukrainian member of the Alliance", which were heard during the NATO Bucharest Summit in 2008, were not enough.
Instead, Ukraine raises NATO Allies on the guarantee of security and a clear prospects for movement to full membership in the Alliance.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726448-kuleba-u-vilnusi-krok-do-clenstva-ukraini-v-nato-bude-zroblenij-pitanna-naskilki-dovgij.html 
The PACE approved the resolution on the non-admission of athletes from Russia and Belarus to the 2024 Olympics 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T19:59:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T19:59:00+03:00
Description: The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe has approved a resolution that recommends the International Olympic Committee to prevent athletes from Russia and Belarus to participate in the Olympic and Paralympic Games in Paris in 2024 even under a neutral flag. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15819... ']
Tags: ['Білорусь', 'Олімпіада', 'ПАРЄ', 'Страсбург', 'Росія']
Type: Article
 The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe has approved a resolution that recommended the International Olympic Committee to prevent athletes from Tabilorus from Russia to participate in the Olympic and Paralympic Games in Paris in 2024, even under a neutral flag.
This was reported by Ukrinform correspondent.
“The Assembly is urging national representatives of the IOC and national Tamzhi International Federations to express their objections to the proposal to allow Russian and Belarussian athletes to participate in the Future and Paralympic Games in Paris, even as“ neutral sports. ”
Read also: IOC excluded the International Boxing Association from its composition The PACE also called on the IOC and sports authorities to maintain the position expressed in 2022, and prohibit the participation of Russian Ibilorus athletes in the Olympic and Paralympic Games in Paris, and also in all other major sports events until the end of the war.
“Such a ban can only strengthen and promote the decent goals of peace and equality that embody the Olympic movement and sports in general. It does not weaken or blur the invalidation and value of sports, ”the document is stated.
The PACE emphasized that the prevention of athletes of aggressors of Mokpressors would have renovated their commitment to the values of the Olympic Games, contributed to the bishop of peaceful ways of resolving conflicts and would send a clear signal Russian and Belarusian governments that have their actions and their actions.
Read also: In France, police searches with organizers Olympiad -2024 It is also indicated that the past experience of the Olympic Games in Beijing and Sochi has shown that the Russian regime is more than ready to abuse the Olympic Wanderers.
“Due to the fact that Russian and Belarusian elite athletes receive a state salary and are often part of military sports teams, it seems impossible for them to demonstrate their neutrality and a distance of tsing, not to mention any statements against war," indicated in the document. Read also: in Strasbourg session PACE - will consider the political consequences of Russia's aggression against Ukraine As reported by Ukrinform, at the summer session of the Parliamentary Assembly, the Council of Ukraine in Strasbourg took place on the political consequences of Russia's political consequences against Ukraine. The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe has approved the full support of the peaceful plan of the President of Ukraine, and the regime of Russia has identified that imitates a dangerous ideology - "Rashism".
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726486-pare-uhvalila-rezoluciu-pro-nedopusk-sportsmeniv-z-rosii-ta-bilorusi-na-olimpiadu2024.html 
Air Force warn of the Five Honney Strategic Bombers Tu-95 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T1:05:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:05:00+03:00
Description: The air forces warn of the departure of five enemy strategic Tu-95 bombers. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15389... ']
Tags: ['Літак', 'Повітряні сили ЗСУ', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Airborn Warning about the departure of five enemy strategic bombers-95.
According to Ukrinform, the air forces were written on their page in telegram .
"Attention!The departure of 5 strategic Tu-95MC strategic bombers is confirmed," it will be in the post.
Earlier reported About the departure of 4 aircraft.
Read also: Promotion of Defense Forces in Tavriysk Direction: We have saved more than three companies "The departure of 4 strategic Tu-95MC strategic bombers from the reindeer aerodrome was recorded.
As reported by Ukrinform, on the night of June 21 to 22 Russian terroristaches Ukraine from the air rockets X-22, X-47 "dagger" and shock drone Drohamhad-136/131 .
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726528-povitrani-sili-poperedzaut-pro-vilit-pati-vorozih-strategicnih-bombarduvalnikiv-tu95.html 
The invaders hit the Kryvyi Rih district at night, 10 houses were damaged 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T20:00:00-04:00
Description: Vnochi Rosiyski Portoed the missile impact on the Kryvorizkoy district. About ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo_5233557580666749881_y.jpg ']
Tags: ['АТАКА ДРОНІВ', 'КРИВОРІЗЬКИЙ РАЙОН', 'ОК «ПІВДЕНЬ»', 'РАКЕТНА АТАКА']
Category: News
 At night, Russian invaders struck a rocket strike in the Kryvyi Rih district.
About it reports Operational Command "South".
“The housing sector was mutilated as a result of the impact. 10 private homes, outbuildings, garages and cars were damaged. Broken gas pipeline, water supply and lines. It has passed without casualties, ”the message reads.
The OK South noted that, in addition, the Russian Federation attacked the Odesa with unmanned SHahd-136.
“Three drones were destroyed by air defense forces, one hit the warehouse. The fire is promptly eliminated. People were not injured, ”the testimony said.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/okupanty-vnochi-vdaryly-po-kryvorizkomu-rajonu-poshkodzheno-10-budynkiv/ 
Switzerland will provide Ukraine with more than $ 1.3 million for demining territories 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T20:03:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T20:03:00+03:00
Description: Switzerland will provide Ukraine with a new humanitarian aid package of 1.2 million Swiss francs (over $ 1.3 million), designed to mine territories. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16843... ']
Tags: ['Розмінування', 'Швейцарія', 'Україна', 'допомога']
Type: Article
 Switzerland will provide Ukraine with a new humanitarian aid pack(over $ 1.3 million), intended for the replacement of territories.
According to Ukrinform, this is reported on the website of the Federal Council.
In the statement, the Federal Council announces the transfer of the Federal Department, Civil Protection and Sports(DDPS)Swiss Digger Foundation Machines for Ukrainian SES.
The machine will help to clean large areas contaminated mines and other explosive shells.
“The machine is a remote controlled tracked vehicle with a small bulldozer. It can destroy or undermine anti -personnelmarks by cutting, neutralizing them, ”the Federal Council noted.
In addition to the DDPS machine will provide Ukraine with a truck, trailer and sets for three years. The experts of the Fund will teach Ukrainian specialist in the field.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726422-minekonomiki-planue-za-10-rokiv-povernuti-do-vikoristanna-80-zabrudnenih-ta-zaminovanih-zemel.html)The entire Switzerland assistance package will be funded by the country's credit forces to update personal equipment and equipment.
The transportation of the provided equipment together with the Swiss Diggerfoundation instruction is scheduled for September.
As reported by Ukrinform, Estonia will transmit a new package of military assistance to Ukraine , which included equipment for the control of drones.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726488-svejcaria-nadast-ukraini-ponad-13-miljona-na-rozminuvanna-teritorij.html 
EU plans to cancel Hungary some positions of the last package of sanctions against Russia - Bloomberg 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T20:13:17+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T20:13:17+03:00
Description: The European Union intends to make an exception for Hungary in the last package of sanctions against Russia to allow the import of goods and services to service the subway in Budapest. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15892... ']
Tags: ['Євросоюз', 'Санкції', 'Угорщина']
Type: Article
 The European Union intends to make an exception for Hungary in the last package of Russia to allow imports of goods and services to serve the meter in Budapest.
As Ukrinform reports, it reports Bloomberg .
The documents that the editions were supported by the EU Member States, sanctions, provide a deviation from several positions. In particular, the transit of protective glass, certain types of machines and some glasses, providing appropriate technical assistance will be centered.
Read also: Nausseda urged the EU to bring "Rosatom" to a new package St. it against the Russian Federation One of the documents states that sub -parts are required for the work of the third metro line of the Hungarian capital.
The wagons of the Budapest Metro are served by the Russian firm OJSC Metrovagonmash. In 2017, the firm repaired an outdated moving part of the subway line, but in early 2023 it was reported that a quarter of them would work because of quality problems.
Metrovagonmash came under US sanctions earlier this year.
Read also: new St. it will be effective if EU countries "beat in hand" companies for their bypass - diplomat Otherwise, telephone devices, signal devices and indicator panels - as well as subway cars and trams.
Hungary was one of the latest EU Member States, which supported the 11th Package, which includes a ban on the transit of many goods through Russia to the third year.
The sanctions package requires the official signature of European countries to make sure.
As reported by Ukrinform, Ambassadors of the European Union agreed on June 21.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726490-es-planue-skasuvati-dla-ugorsini-deaki-pozicii-ostannogo-paketa-sankcij-proti-rosii-bloomberg.html 
Promotion of Defense Forces in Tavriya direction: The enemy lost more than three mouths 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T20:19:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T20:19:00+03:00
Description: In the Taurian direction, the defense force is successful in individual areas. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16638... ']
Tags: ['Танк', 'БМП', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Nastaurian Defense Force is successful in individual areas.
According to Ukrinform, General Oleksandr Tarnavsky reported in [telegram] about it(https://t.me/otarnavskiy/129).
“In the Tavriya direction, the active work of the defense forces continues. Our warriors are moving forward and have success in separate areas, ” - said.
Read also: invading Ikhki increases the air defense forces on the azovstal –Andryushchenko According to him, the units of rocket troops and artillery of the Defense forces of the Defense Twaries during the day fulfilled 1212 fire tasks.
"Over the last day, the loss of the enemy was killed and wounded by more than three mouths. 21 units of military equipment of the enemy were brought up," Tarnavsky informed.
In particular, 3 tanks were destroyed, 6 BBM(BMP, MTLB), UAV "Zala", UAV "Orlan-10", self-propelled artillery installation 2C9 "Nona", "Field-21" ENB, RLS "Zoo" TAVTOMINING TECHNICAL.
Two storage sites of the enemy ammunition were also destroyed.
Read also: [Defense forces are significantly moving on the Tavriya Napryamka - Tarnavsk s(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725969-sili-oboroni-pomitno-prosuvautsa-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-tarnavskij.html)As reported by Ukrinform, from February 24, 2022 to June 22, 2023, about 222 thousand 650 Russian invaders, and650 people - over the past day.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726493-prosuvanna-sil-oboroni-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-vorog-vtrativ-ponad-tri-roti.html 
War is the main obstacle in preparing Ukraine for EU membership - European Commissioner 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T20:25:55+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T20:25:55+03:00
Description: The war remains the main obstacle that hinders Ukraine's promotion to EU membership as it kills people and beats the economy. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15809... ']
Tags: ['Євросоюз', 'Війна з Росією', 'Єврокомісар ']
Type: Article
 It is warmed by the main obstacle that hinders Ukraine's promotion to the ECU membership as it kills people and beats the economy.
This was stated by the European Commissioner for the expansion of the neighborhood of the neighborhood of Oliver Vargey at the results of the informal meeting of the EU General Affairs Ministers for General Affairs, Ukrinform correspondent reports.
“The greatest obstacle is war, the war itself. It attacks people, it is a man on economy and infrastructure, it is an attack against the very existence of Ukraine. So, when this war is over, all the processes of preparation of the dawn will be accelerated, ”the European Commissar said.
Read also: Ukraine's desire to start negotiating on membership of the already year of year is a powerful incentive for reform reforms - EU Answering journalists whether war is an obstacle to Ukraine's membership in the EU and when such membership can happen, he noted: “When will it be cured? The question is not that. There is a clear proposal from the European Union of Ukraine to become a member. The question is - when and how we can fulfill all the criteria for this. Is the war an obstacle? This should be discussed(EU), but at the conclusion I made last year, at this stage was not an obstacle. It did not prevent Ukraine from becoming a candidate country ”
According to him, the transformation into a member country is a much more complicated tattoral procedure, it will take some time. "Because it is a proferee, about parliamentary ratification, about the development of an agreement ... When this process is over, we will hope that the war will end. Because it will be completed as soon as possible," the European Commission's representative added.
He noted that every consistent step in the process of EU expansion has its difficulties. Obtaining the status of a candidate country was a challenge for Ukraine. A significant challenge was the beginning of membership negotiations. But this is, according to the SEEMORMANDER, the simplest part of the path.
Read also: EU will speed up weapons to Ukraine - European Commissar Brenton 
The progress of Ukraine, Moldova and Georgia in the implementation of the declared recommendations will be evaluated in the annual report on expansion in October.
Ukraine expects EU decisions to start intergovernmental negotiations in the EU by the end of the year.
Photo: Getty Images
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726495-vijna-e-golovnou-pereskodou-u-pidgotovci-ukraini-do-clenstva-v-es-evrokomisar.html 
The Karatist Terluga brought Ukraine the fourth "gold" at European Games 2023 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T20:32:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T20:32:00+03:00
Description: The Ukrainian karate player Angelika Terluga won the European Games in Polish Krakow. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['карате', 'Європейські ігри']
Type: Article
 The Ukrainian -Carantist Angelika Terluga won the gold award of European Games of Vpolsky Krakow.
Terluga became the winner of the EI-2023 in the weight category up to 55 kg, reports Ukrinform.
In the finale, Odessa took the mountain over Ivena Horatova from Bulgaria with a score of 2: 0.
Read also: Ukrainian karatist Filipov won the bronze award of European games We will remind, at current European Games Ukraine has won four "gold" and 2 "bronze" and came to the first place in the overall team standings.
Photo: WKF.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726496-karatistka-terluga-prinesla-ukraini-cetverte-zoloto-na-evropejskih-igrah2023.html 
In Kherson the water level has dropped to nine centimeters 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T20:37:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T20:37:00+03:00
Description: In Kherson, since the beginning of the day, the water level has decreased by another 8 centimeters and is at 9 cm. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['ДСНС', 'Херсон', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 In Kherson, the beginning of the day decreased by another 8 centimeters and is 9 cm.
According to Ukrinform, the State Emergency Service reports on Facebook .
"In Kherson, since the beginning of the day, the water level has decreased by another 8 cm and is now 9 cm," the message reads.
Rescuers pumped 21.2 tons of water from 68 cellars and houses a day. From the beginning of the work, more than 217 thousand tons of water from 767 cellars were pumped from the beginning of the work.
26 tons of water for citizens have also been brought, and more than 601 from the beginning of the work.
As reported by Ukrinform, in the Kherson region as of the morning of June 22, 20 settlements - three on the Right Bank and 17 - from the left bank - are flooded on June 22. And the water level in the Dnieper in the post of Kherson post per day was 9 cm and was 0.45 m.
Photo: SES
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726498-u-hersoni-riven-vodi-znizivsa-do-devati-santimetriv.html 
Ukrenergo tests new software for substations from the American company 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T20:40:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T20:40:00+03:00
Description: Ukrenergo has received 23 licenses for the use of modern software for testing relay protection software from the US company DOBLE Engineerin. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15676... ']
Tags: ['Електроенергія', 'Енергетика', 'Укренерго', 'Програмне забезпечення']
Type: Article
 Ukrenergo Octima from the US company DOBLE Engineerin 23 licenses of modern software for testing relay protection.
According to Ukrinform, Ukrenergo reports in telegram .
It is noted that 23 licenses for the use of modern software for testing the relay protection of Ukrenergo received as a charity aid from DOBLE Engineerin.
Relay protection detects violations of the basic equipment of the substation with a problem area, preventing a large -scale accident. It needs verification and control for proper work. Therefore, the main question is the cheek of the relay check and in the automation of this process.
“Now our experts will be able to check the work of relay protection faster and more, and in the event of damage - to respond and eliminate them faster. It is increased the workpiece of the equipment and the network as a whole, ”the message reads.
Read also: Ukraine can increase Investment * capabilities * in to the energy sector up almost $ 400 billions Specialists Ukrenergo DOBLE checks for the relay -free -defense protection at substations are being used.
“Working in war and constant damage Energy Infrastructure Our engineers pay increased attraction to relay protection. With updated software, they will be simple to check the protection of the substation equipment faster, ”Ukrenergo added.
It was reported that DOBLE Engineering - an American company, is specialized in the production of equipment for electrical substations: protection relay, transformers, switches and more. The company also provides consulting services and conducts substation staff training.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726497-ukrenergo-testue-nove-programne-zabezpecenna-dla-pidstancij-vid-amerikanskoi-kompanii.html 
Japan has increased the number of Embassy staff in Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T20:42:07+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T20:42:07+03:00
Description: Japan has increased the number of Embassy staff in Kiev to be able to perform more work to support Ukraine. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Японія', 'Посольство', 'Україна']
Type: Article
 Japan has increased the number of Embassy staff in Kiev to be able to get a larger volume of work to support Ukraine.
As Ukrinform reports, it reports Kyodo .
As part of the efforts to expand the functions of the diplomatic mission in the Ukrainian capital, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan has hired new employees. They will ensure the connection with the Seven Group(G7)Or they will be consistent with the sophistication aimed at restoring infrastructure and humanitarian support for Ukraine.
Read also: [Shmigal met with the Foreign Minister ** Japane(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726342-smigal-zustrivsa-z-ocilnikom-mzs-aponii-govorili-pro-vidbudovu-i-adernu-bezpeku.html)The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan also declared plans to postpone their embassy in the Ukrainian plot to another place and equip it with shelter, which will protect the building of rapid rocket attacks by Russia. It is noted that the transfer of the embassy was planned before the beginning of the Russo-Ukrainian War.
After seven months of the war of Russia against Ukraine, Japan reinstated the work of Kiev in October last year. By the time of re -opening, consular services were provided in Lviv and Polish Rzeszow.
Currently, Japan Embassy in Ukraine is working shifting, while staying for a few weeks to unload the representation.
Read also: Government Japanese It will encourage companies to be active in the restoration of Ukraine According to Ukrinform, the Government of Japan will encourage companies to actively participate in Ukraine's restoration.
Photo: Kyodo
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726499-aponia-zbilsila-kilkist-spivrobitnikiv-posolstva-v-ukraini.html 
Grain Agreement and Humanitarian Aid: Reznikov spoke with Turkey's Defense Minister 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T20:48:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T20:48:00+03:00
Description: The Minister of Defense of Ukraine Oleksiy Reznikov had a conversation with Turkish National Defense Minister Yashar Guler, thanked for the humanitarian assistance and leadership in Grain initiative. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16826... ']
Tags: ['Міноборони', 'Туреччина', 'Резніков']
Type: Article
 Minister of Ukraine Oleksiy Reznikov had a conversation with Turkish National Defense Minister Yashar Guler, thanked for humanitarian aid and leadership in Grain Initiative.
According to Ukrinform, Reznikov reported in Twitter .
"He had a meaningful conversation with Turkish National Defense Minister General Guler. In this difficult time, when Ukraine opposes Russian aggression, we are grateful to the Republic of Turkey for humanitarian aid. We are grateful to Turkey in the Black Sea Grain.
Read also: Minister of Defense of Israel Days for the first time communicate with Reznikov im He also noted that Ukraine is looking forward to further developing strategic partnership with Turkey and strengthening cooperation in order to restore regional security and stability.
As it was reported, Russia threatens to withdraw from the grain agreement, if it does not succeed in the pumping of the ammonia pipeline "Togliatti - Odesa" and partially removing restriction on its own export.
In the Government of Ukraine, they declared the actual blocking of the Russian side of grain in initiative .RF openly sabotage ships, which reduced the capacity of the corridor to less than 20% of the possible.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-other_news/3726398-u-mzs-ukraini-majze-na-100-vpevneni-so-rf-vijde-iz-zernovogo-koridoru-v-lipni.html)Russia was taught in the agreement at the end of May, extending its effect for 60 days - until July 17.
The grain agreement was concluded in July last year with the participation of Ukraine, Turkey and the UN, as well as separately - Turkey, the UN and Russia. The arrangements guarantee a safe passage of vessels with Ukrainian grain, their observance is provided by a common Coordination Center in Istanbul, which includes representatives of all parties.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726501-zernova-ugoda-ta-gumanitarna-dopomoga-reznikov-pogovoriv-z-ministrom-oboroni-tureccini.html 
Since the beginning of the year, customs officers have found violations of ₴ 4.3 billion 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T20:48:10+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T20:48:10+03:00
Description: During January -May, inspectors of the State Customs Service of Ukraine found almost 5 thousand violations of customs rules for more than UAH 4.3 billion. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16177... ']
Tags: ['Митниця']
Type: Article
 The Inspectors of the State Customs Service of Ukraine have found almost 5 thousand Customs Rules for more than UAH 4.3 billion.
This was reported by the press service State Customs Service , reports Ukrinform.
“During January - May 2023, 4 991 violations of customs rules were identified by the diversity of offenses in the amount of more than UAH 4.3 billion(The value has increased 2.5 times compared to 5 months of 2022)», - the testimony reads.
It is emphasized that during this period the items of offenses were seized for the sum of UAH 293 million, including industrial goods - for 162 million UAH, food products - for UAH 47 million, currencies - for more than UAH 64 million, vehicles - for UAH 20 million.
Customs directly considered 1 272 cases of violation of customs rules.
According to the agency, the violators applied administrative penalties of the fine of UAH 53 million, of which UAH 26 million has already been collected.
Read also: Tax, Customs and Babs need restart -Markchenko 2 628 cases of violation of customs rules in the amount of UAH 1 billion were submitted to the court. As a result of the court's consideration imposed penalties(confiscation of goods and penalties)for the amount of more than UAH 1.1 billion. This is 73% more than 2022.
As it was reported, in May 2023 before state budget It received 34.3 billion UAH of customs and other payment, the control of which is entrusted to the State Customs Service of Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726502-z-pocatku-roku-mitniki-viavili-porusen-na-43-milarda.html 
In Lviv, stamps were extinguished in honor of the fallen Ukrainian border guards 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T20:52:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T20:52:00+03:00
Description: The stamps were extinguished in the Lviv Ova in honor of the fallen Ukrainian border guards - Heroes of Ukraine. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Львів', 'Марка', 'Прикордонники']
Type: Article
 The Ulvee Ova was extinguished in honor of the fallen Ukrainian border guards -heroes of Ukraine.
About it in telegram reports the Ova, reports Ukrinform.
«Senior Lieutenant Vyacheslav Semenov, Colonel Yevgeny Pikus, Major General Momot, Colonel Igor Dashko, Colonel Vitaliy Kucherryav, Colonel Romanga, Colonel Yuri Yurchik, Major Georgy Strelkov-Ukrainian Border Guards , participants of the Ukrainian-Russian war 2014-2023, who posthumously received the highest state awards of Ukraine. Their portraits were depicted on brands, ”the message reads.
The Ova also reported that the first circulation of the brand will receive the families of the fallen, but the brands will be able to buy everyone and thus support the border guards in the purchase of Nafroron's state border for defense.
Read also: in Chernivtsi to the 180th anniversary of the town hall extinguished the special Mark The brand was redeemed with families of fallen border guards Igor Dashka Troman Gakha.
“Representatives of the Western Regional Department, Lviv Directorate of JSC“ UkrPoshta ”, public figures joined the creation of the brand. The artistic formation of portraits of warriors was carried out by Honored Artist of Ukraine Volodymyrstasenko, ” - added to Ova.
As it was reported, in the Lviv Ova [extinguished the postal stamp dedicated to the international artist of Ukraine Ivan Marchuk]](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712757-u-lvovi-pogasili-persu-v-ukraini-marku-stvorenu-za-dopomogou-stucnogo-intelektu.html). Mark was created by the artist Vladimir Kozyuk with the accusation of artificial intelligence.
Foto: Lviv Ova 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726508-u-lvovi-pogasili-marki-na-cest-poleglih-ukrainskih-prikordonnikiv.html 
Tasheva told about the Crimean Tatar flag - a symbol of resistance of the peninsula since 2014 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T21:12:03+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T21:12:03+03:00
Description: The Crimean Tatar flag flies in key events concerning the issue of release from Russian invaders of the Crimean Peninsula. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Крим', 'Прапор', 'Таміла Ташева']
Type: Article
 The Crimean Tatar flag flies in key events concerning the issue of release from Russian invaders of the Crimean Peninsula.
A permanent representative of the president of Ukraine in the ARC Tamila Tasheva said this during a press conference in Ukrinform.
“The flag of the Crimean Tatar people flies in key events concerning the question of the de -occupation of the Crimean Peninsula. When we conducted the first summit of the Crimean Platform, the Crimean Tatar flag of Maoors along with all the works of the participating states. When we conducted a second summit, the Crimean Tatar flag was located near the State Schedule of Ukraine at all important state events, ”Tasheva recalled.
Read also: Chubarov told about the events to the day Crimea of the Scoostar Flag She noted that since 2014, the Crimean Tatar flag became a symbol of resistance in Crimea at all important events. “The Crimean Tatars, Ukrainians, try to lift the flag, sometimes guerrilla. Hanging over their homes, during auto -ragages. After that, there is always a reaction of the sides of the occupation administrations, when people are held accountable, administrative imprisonment, and fines are imposed, ”the post -pre -president said.
According to Tasheva, the invaders will pursue the Crimean Tatars, Ukrainians of Chippods of other nationalities, who will try to celebrate the Day of the Crimean Tatar flag this year.
"I am sure that our citizens are ready for this and will try to show a civic position, to celebrate even in the conditions of total prohibitions of the day of the Crymal Tatar flag," the official said.
Read also: health status Crimea Tatars Nariman Jelya Taasana Akhtemov deteriorates - lubinets She also called on the movements of the Yellow Ribbon, the Crimean Battle Seagull, the Crimean Partisans, which operate in the temporarily occupied Crimea, support the Crimean Tatar and Ukrainian peoples on the territory of the peninsula this day.
As it was reported, the head of the Majlis of the Crimean Tatar people Refat Chubarov told about measures for the Crimean Tatar flag, which is celebrated on June 26.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3726509-taseva-rozpovila-pro-krimskotatarskij-prapor-simvol-sprotivu-pivostrova-z-2014-roku.html 
Morshyn opened a shelter for women who suffered from domestic violence 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T21:16:06+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T21:16:06+03:00
Description: Shelter for women and children affected by domestic violence was opened in Morshyn in Lviv region. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Домашнє насильство', 'Львівщина', 'Житло', 'допомога', 'Моршин']
Type: Article
 Shelter for women and children affected by the dawn violence was opened in Morshynin.
About it in telegram reports the Ova, reports Ukrinform.
The institution will provide complex socio-psychological, medical, primary legal assistance, as well as information services to the victims.
“The establishment is designed for 24 beds and is equipped with all necessary for women with children But without. The total area of the building is 460,214 m2, ”the message reads.
It is noted that the accommodation will be free of charge and can last up to 90 days.
Read also: in Lviv conducted a performer against sexual discipleship It was reported that the victims of sexual violence during the war of Tadomash's Violence may [receive free legal assistance of the resign(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3710030-ak-otrimati-pravovu-dopomogu-vid-derzavi-postrazdalim-vid-seksualnogo-nasilstva.html) .
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726512-u-morsini-vidkrili-prihistok-dla-zinok-aki-postrazdali-vid-domasnogo-nasilstva.html 
The situation at the Zaporozhye NPP is stable: the head of the Ova has published an appeal 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T21:29:22+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T21:29:22+03:00
Description: The Russian military is kept for heavy weapons and staff, shelling periodically damages high -voltage lines that give electricity to the needs of the station. But despite the occupation, the situation for the NPP is stable. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16597... ']
Tags: ['Запорізька АЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Russian Russian is kept for heavy weapons and staff, shelling periodically damages high -voltage lines, which give electricity to the station. But despite the occupation, the situation for the NPP is stable.
About it in your appeal said Yuri Malashko, the Golovazapozhya Regional Military Administration, Ukrinform reports.
Vido: Telegram-channel of the head of the Zaporizhzhia Regional Military Administration 
"Today, the largest nuclear power plant in Europe again at the Epicenter of attention. Intelligence reported to the President of Ukraine that Russia is considering a script of a terrorist act, this time on the Russian military.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-aes)Heavy weapons tangible composition, shelling periodically damaging high -voltage lines, which are electricity for the needs of the station. Despite the occupation, the situation is too stable. Ukrainian experts are on the spot, " - said in the address.
Read also: [in the territory of the occupied Zaporizhzhya NPPs were mines(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726375-na-teritorii-okupovanoi-zaporizkoi-aes-buli-mini-magate.html)Malashko recalled that the nuclear facility specialists are actually the second river as hostages, but they continue to protect the peaceful atom and work in difficult conditions.
"Operational staff control the condition of the units and ensures their operations according to the requirements. We know who we are dealing with, and therefore the head of any development is ready," the Ova chairman assured.
Read also: Russia will warn of the consequences of a possible terrorist attack on ZPP - Dmytro Kuleba The regional authorities, together with the profile services, have developed relevant plans of the act repeatedly conducted special exercises in the event of real nuclear zagsis.
Read also: [the Ministry of Health gave advice to Ukrainians what to do in the case(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726454-moz-dalo-poradi-ukraincam-so-robiti-v-razi-radiacijnoi-avarii.html)
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726515-situacia-na-zaporizkij-aes-stabilna-golova-ova-opriludniv-zvernenna.html 
CHE-2023 Among Youth: Starting Victory of England and Switzerland football players 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T21:29:35+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T21:29:35+03:00
Description: At the European Football Championships (Grvtsu by 21st), regular matches of the group stage of the final tournament took place. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Футбол', 'Молодь']
Type: Article
 Griding Championships in Europe in football(Grvtsa by 21st)There were June matches of the group stage of the final tournament.
In the starting round of the Quartet C "Youth" of England beat peers from the Czech Republic -2: 0, and the teams of Germany and Israel played a draw - 1: 1, reports Ukrinform.
In the first match of group D, the Swiss won a volitional victory over the Norwegians -2: 1. Otherwise, this quartet is found in France and Italy.
Read also: Football Youth Team Started from the Victory of the European Championships We will remind, the day before the youth team of Ukraine caused defeat of Croatians(2:0).
В наступному матчі «синьо-жовті» 24 червня зіграють з Румунією. Початок матчу- о 19.00 за київським часом.
Фото: Getty Images/Global Images Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726516-ce2023-sered-molodi-startovi-peremogi-futbolistiv-anglii-ta-svejcarii.html 
In the fall, the single register of weapons integrate with "action" - Deputy Minister 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T21:31:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T21:31:00+03:00
Description: In the fall, the single register of weapons is planned to integrate with the action. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16634... ']
Tags: ['МВС', 'Зброя', 'Додаток “ДІЯ”', 'Реєстр', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 The arms register is planned to be integrated with the action.
About it on the air of the nationwide telephone "The only news" said the Deputy Minister of Internal Affairs Leonid Timchenko, Ukrinform reports.
"From tomorrow, when a single register of weapons will be implemented, it is in action will not be available yet. We work protested from the Ministry of Defense in this direction and plan that this fall, robust and November, will be integrated with the action, and every citizen can see the weapons, their permits, which are, with terms in the personal office in action, "Timchenko said.
Read also: in Ukraine tomorrow will work a single register of weapons -Expert clarification 
He added that the cost of registration of a weapon permit remains unchanged and determined by the CMU Resolution of 2007, but the procedure of payment for permission will be simpler, since the receipt can be attached to the package of documents that are sent to the weapons control units with a vestibule.
Also, from June 23, business entities will be able to submit weapons and obtain a permit in a single register when buying weapons.
Currently, according to Tymchenko, in Ukraine more than 700 thousand weapons, economic entities that receive direct access to the register of about 300, expert services that receive such access - about 130, as well as more than 700 police officers, which perform the functions of control over the control of weapons. All of them have an access to the registry and can enter information into it.
Read also: Ukrainians will be able to obtain permission to weapons in one click - the Ministry of Internal Affairs 
He recalled that the idea of creating a register arose more than a year ago, still a full -scale invasion of Russia into Ukraine. Due to the full -scale implementation of the register, it was delayed.
As reported by Ukrinform, from June 23 in Ukraine will start to work _ a single -register of weapons. _
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726517-voseni-edinij-reestr-zbroi-integruut-z-dieu-zastupnik-ministra.html 
In Odessa, a man threw a strand from the children - she exploded 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T21:33:48+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T21:33:48+03:00
Description: In Odessa, a drunken man threw a strand from the balcony of his apartment at the playground. The projectile exploded, the children were not injured. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Діти', 'Граната', 'Поліція']
Type: Article
 In the Odessa man, a man threw a strand from the balcony of his apartment. The projectile exploded, the children were not injured.
This was reported in SUNP of Odessa region , reports Ukrinform.
It is noted that the police appealed to the police of an apartment building to take a hurry to take measures about her neighbor, who from the balcony of his own home threw his right, where the children played, a grenade that exploded. The children were not injured because they were overwhelmed at a safe distance.
In the yard at the specified address law enforcement officers found the remains of a strikeball. The offender was a drunk 47-year-old man who told a police officer that he bought a grenade through the Internet, and threw it into the yard to decline the children who prevented him from resting. In the apartment of the husband, police found another such grenade.
Read also: in Ukraine tomorrow will work a single register of weapons -Expert clarification “The information on the specified fact was entered in the Unified Register of Pre -trial Investigations under Part 1 of Art. 296(hooliganism)The Criminal Code of Ukraine. The issue of notification of the person on the suspicion is raised, ”the incency added.
Investigative actions are ongoing.
As it was reported, in the Podilskyi district in one of the private households of the Kulynitsky OTG, law enforcement officers detained a man who attempted the involvement of two people, including a child.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726519-v-odesi-colovik-kinuv-u-ditej-strajkbolnu-granatu-vona-vibuhnula.html 
Biden and fashion have declared a willingness to join forces for peace in Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T21:45:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T21:45:00+03:00
Description: The United States and India are ready to combine efforts to establish peace in Ukraine, as well as to respond to global humanitarian consequences caused by Putin's war in Europe. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16849... ']
Tags: ['Байден', 'Індія', 'Агресія РФ', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Combine and India are ready to combine efforts to establish peace in Ukraine, as a response to the global humanitarian consequences caused by Putin's war in Europe.
The heads of the two states after meeting in the White House on Thursday have stated this, Ukrinform correspondent reports.
“In matters that are of the most relevant and that will determine the future, our circles look at each other, including critical regional taglobal problems. And today we have also talked about our joint efforts to mitigate humanitarian tragedies caused by the cruel war of Russia in Ukraine, as well as to protect the basic principles of the UN Charter, sovereignty of and territorial integrity, ”the White House Head said.
Read also: Biden considers the threat of Russian nuclear weapons real. What to do world and Ukraine 
India's Prime Minister, for his part, also emphasized the influence of the Kremlin's war in Europe and stressed that his country supported the diaplomatic path of resolving this issue.
“The Covid-19 pandemic and the conflict in Ukraine were particularly impressed by the countries of global. We believe that to solve these problems, all countries are completely united, ”the Indian prime minister said.
Read also: India has increased the import of Russian oil by 10 times -sma 
He stressed that "from the beginning of events in Ukraine, India has focused on the identification of disputes through dialogue and diplomacy." And now, he said, India is ready to fully make any contribution to the restoration of peace.
Read also: USA expects India to continue to buy Russian Naft at limited prices 
As reported by Ukrinform, US President Meet Joe Baiden and Prime Minister of the Narrodra Modi _ took place _ on Thursday in the White House. The Head of the Indian Government is a visit to the United States of America.
Foto from ukrainian.voanews.com 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726523-bajden-i-modi-vislovili-gotovnist-obednati-zusilla-dla-miru-v-ukraini.html 
Ukraine expects that States and Canada will be the first to pass confiscated assets of the Russian Federation - Shmigal 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T21:54:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T21:54:00+03:00
Description: After the International Commission for Confiscation of Assets of the Russian Federation and the relevant international fund is established, the US and Canada will be transferred the first frozen assets there. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16825... ']
Tags: ['Шмигаль', 'Війна з Росією', 'Єдині новини', 'Конфіскація активів']
Type: Article
 After the International Commission for Confiscation of RF assets will be created, the first frozen assets will be transferred to the US Ikanada.
This opinion was expressed by the Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal in the intervietel of the Inter, which was broadcast in the Telelorphone "Single News", summarizing the results of the two-day international conference on the reconstruction of Ukraine(Ukraine Recovery Conference)In London, Ukrinform reports.
"We have formed with partners an appropriate register of losses caused by Russia to Ukraine. The next two steps are the formation of the International Commission and the relevant international fund, where these funds will be accumulated. Partners will already start the inventory From the United States and Canada, they will already be in charge of the newly created fund, "Smigal said.
Read also: international partners support the confiscation of Russian assets in favor of Ukraine - Shmigal 
He expressed his hope that this will be the first precedent to open legal entities for other partners who still have some doubts or hesitate.
The Prime Minister reminded that the important message of the conference in London was the precisely all the partners that Russia should pay for the aggression and for all the tizes it caused Ukraine.
"We continue our work on creating international compensation mechanism, for confiscation Frozen Russian funds, for future reparations of imbutable compensation for those hundreds of billions of dollars that Russia applies to Ukraine, "he said.
Read also: Shmigal named steps to attract frozen assets to rebuild Ukraine 
According to him, today 400 businesses have joined the initiative of Ukraine.
Read also: money and investors: Shmigal summarized the conferences of recovery in London 
As it was reported, Ukraine is already preparing a mechanism that will allow to confiscate up to $ 500 billion frozen in the west of Russian assets.
The International Conference on Reconstruction of Ukraine was held in London on June 21-22(Ukraine Recovery Conference). Захід став продовженням щорічних конференційщодо реформ в Україні, які відбувалися з 2017 року.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726526-ukraina-ocikue-so-stati-ta-kanada-persimi-peredadut-konfiskovani-aktivi-rf-smigal.html 
The Russians sent 18 billion cubic meters of uncontrolled water - the head of the Kherson Ova 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T22:00:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:00:00+03:00
Description: Kherson Ova Chairman Alexander Proudin remotely joined the Conference on the Restoration of Ukraine, which takes place in London and spoke about the catastrophic consequences of the blast of the Dams of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plant. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16867... ']
Tags: ['Херсонщина', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Golovharson OVA Oleksandr Prokudin remotely joined the conference of Ukraine's circulation in London and spoke about the catastrophic mining of the Dam of the Kakhovsk Hydroelectric Power Plant.
About it in telegram Kherson reports, Ukrinform reports.
“The medium -term and long -term consequences of this catastrophe is even difficult to imagine. We are talking about food, environmental, economic carols on the radiation security of the world, ”Proudin said.
Read also: Evacuation of people from Kherson region - free: Vereshchukniva was about criminal liability 
He reported that in the liberated part of the Kherson region destroyed or damaged 13,000 infrastructure, thousands of private and apartment buildings, 400 educational institutions and 250 health care facilities. Discharges of electricity and gas pipelines. More than 3800 buildings have been harmed on the right right birch. 31 water supply facilities were injured, 28 large industrial sites were flooded. Irrigation systems are destroyed, mass death of fish, cattle and plants is observed.
“The invaders destroyed 31 cities and almost all roads. We need to exchange 680 hectares of liberated territories. Russian terrorists blew up the Kakhovsk hydroelectric power station Tanaued 18 billion cubic meters of uncontrolled water. While our people gotten in the water, they shot the evacuation boats, ”Proprokudin stressed.
He added that Kherson region is grateful to the world community for help and open to cooperation.
Read also: damage from Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants can reach hundreds of hryvnias - minister 
As reported, the International Conference of Ukraine is held in London on June 21-22 in London(Ukraine Recovery Conference).
Фото: Херсонська ОВА 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726525-rosiani-napravili-na-nas-18-milardiv-kubometriv-nekontrolovanoi-vodi-golova-hersonskoi-ova.html 
Protection of Ukrainians from Air Threats: Alexei Reznikov discussed the prospects of the project with the Minister of Defense of Israel 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T22:00:00-04:00
Description: Miniter defense of Ukraine Oleksii Reznikov Proviv Proviv Proviv, Kelezmov Zministrom ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' fzj6sl7wiaiyeg-.jpg ']
Tags: ['ІЗРАЇЛЬ', 'ЙОАВ ГАЛАНТ', 'ОЛЕКСІЙ РЕЗНІКОВ', 'ОФІЦІЙНО']
Category: News
 Minister of Defense of Ukraine Oleksiy Reznikov held a productive telephone conversation with the Minister of Defense of Israel Joava Galant.
He wrote about it in Twitter .
«Ми обговорили поточну ситуацію та перспективи проєкту із захисту українціввід загроз з повітря. Іранські безпілотники становлять загрозу безпеці дляобох наших країн. Ми розраховуємо на допомогу Ізраїлю у протидії цьому», —написав Міністр оборони України.
Нагадаємо, міністр оборони США Ллойд Остін під час пресконференції ізміністром оборони Ізраїлю Йоавом Галантом заявив , which is icrazoned by the main voice of instability in the Middle East. The specialist is concerned about Iran's cooperation with Russia.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/zahyst-ukrayincziv-vid-zagroz-z-povitrya-oleksij-reznikov-obgovoryv-iz-ministrom-oborony-izrayilyu-perspektyvy-proyektu/ 
Air Force warn of the Five Honney Strategic Bombers Tu-95 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T22:05:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:05:00+03:00
Description: The air forces warn of the departure of five enemy strategic Tu-95 bombers. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15389... ']
Tags: ['Літак', 'Повітряні сили ЗСУ', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Airborn Warning about the departure of five enemy strategic bombers-95.
According to Ukrinform, the air forces were written on their page in telegram .
"Attention!The departure of 5 strategic Tu-95MC strategic bombers is confirmed," it will be in the post.
Earlier reported About the departure of 4 aircraft.
Read also: Promotion of Defense Forces in Tavriysk Direction: We have saved more than three companies "The departure of 4 strategic Tu-95MC strategic bombers from the reindeer aerodrome was recorded.
As reported by Ukrinform, on the night of June 21 to 22 Russian terroristaches Ukraine from the air rockets X-22, X-47 "dagger" and shock drone Drohamhad-136/131 .
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726528-povitrani-sili-poperedzaut-pro-vilit-pati-vorozih-strategicnih-bombarduvalnikiv-tu95.html 
Ukrainian judo players will perform at the British stage of the European Cup 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T22:11:15+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:11:15+03:00
Description: In Birmingham (United Kingdom) on June 24-25, the next stage of the European Cup with Judo among juniors will be held. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Дзюдо']
Type: Article
 In Birmingham(United Kingdom)On June 24-25, the next stage of the European Cup will be held among juniors.
As the official [site] informs(https://www.ijf.org/competition/2487)International Judo Federation(IJF), 273 athletes from 18 countries will perform at the tournament, Ukrinform reports.
Ukraine will be represented by Elena Shchigolev(weight category up to 57 kg)and Yulikurchenko(78 kg), reports Ukrinform.
Read also: Ukrainians won the Slovenian stage of the European Cup with judo The Birmingham tournament will be held without the participation of representatives of Russia and Belarus.
Photo: Ukrainejudo.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726531-ukrainski-dzudoistki-vistuplat-na-britanskomu-etapi-kubka-evropi.html 
Already 20 NATO member states support Ukraine's integration into the Alliance - Shmigal 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T22:13:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:13:00+03:00
Description: As of today, 20 NATO member countries fully support Ukraine's integration into the Alliance. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15709... ']
Tags: ['НАТО', 'Україна', 'Шмигаль', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 Today, 20 NATO member countries fully support Ukraine's integration.
Prime Minister Denis Shmigal said this on the air of the television "Unin", Ukrinform reports.
"To date, 20 NATO member countries fully support Ukraine's integration into the Alliance. And this is an absolute majority. Of course, we have a refinement of homework and negotiate with all other allies to have a bad consensus. This is not an easy task, but we are working on it all: The President and the Government, "Smigal said.
Read also: PACE supported the formula of Peace of Zelensky and Ukraine's accession to NATO 
He expressed his hope that at a summit in Vilnius, Ukraine will receive clear tacked messages when and how it becomes a member of NATO.
"And this will not be in any unknown perspective in the future, but there will be specific termins in the near future. We understand what we want, and we are very straightforward about it with partners," the Prime Minister said.
Read also: Ukraine will receive an invitation to NATO after completing the Czech President 
It was reported that from the beginning of the Russian invasion of Ukraine NATO and the Union countries continue to give Ukraine a significant political, economic, humanitarian and military assistance. The continuation and increase of such assistance will be one of the main panels during the meeting of the Heads of State and Government of the Alliance, which will take place on July 11-12.
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg noted at one of the latest pre -conferences that NATO Allies agree that Ukraine became the Alliance, but will not consider the issue of its formal invitation to enter during the Vilnius Summit.
Read also: Kuleba: In Vilnius a step towards Ukraine's membership in NATO is built, the question is how long " 
He noted that the decisions made during a summit in Vilnius would lead Ukraine to NATO. Read also: Kuleba: In Vilnius a step towards Ukraine's membership in NATO is built, the question is how long " 
Instead, Ukraine raises NATO allies on the issue of guaranteeing security and a clear prospects for movement to full membership in the Alliance.
NATO members are now 31 states.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726530-vze-20-derzavcleniv-nato-pidtrimuut-integraciu-ukraini-do-alansu-smigal.html 
Revenues from arrested Russian assets will be transferred to Ukraine's reconstruction - Shurma 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T22:15:57+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:15:57+03:00
Description: Revenues from arrested Russian assets will be transferred to Ukraine's rebuilding, and our country will receive from the EU 50 billion euros for the next 4 years. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Лондон', 'Офіс Президента', 'Відновлення України']
Type: Article
 The revenues of the reached Russian assets will be transferred to Ukraine's reconstruction, and our state will receive from the EU 50 billion euros for the next 4 years.
These and other results of the International Conference on Restoration of Ukraine reported on Facebook The deputy head of the Presidential Office Rostislav Shurma, Ukrinform reports.
"In London, the International Conference on Recovery of Ukraine has ended(URC 2023). Які основні її результати: озвучені довгострокові фінансовігарантії підтримки України. Тільки з боку ЄС це 50 млрд євро на найближчі 4роки; перший значний міжнародний прецедент в частині монетизації арештованихактивів рф — доходи від заморожених активів (percent)Transfer to the outstand. We work on monetization of the main amount. It will be interesting soon, "he wrote.
Read also: Ukraine expects that the States and Canada will be the first to pass confidential assets of the Russian Federation - Shmigal In addition, he said, officially announced the launch of the Ukrainian Development Foundation(Ukrainian Development Fund), which is created using Blackrock, JP Morgan and McKinsey. There are already the first contradictors both state and private.
Also, the first organized playground on Green Steel is one of the largest promisery clusters with the involvement of most possible participants in this process: Fortescue, Primemetals, Posco, Voestalpine, ArcelorMittal, EBRD, Citibank, Rothschild, Rothschild, Rothschild.
The deputy head of the Presidential Office noted that for the first time since the beginning of the war, there was a significant amount of international business in the conference: AECOM, FMG, CRH, Shell, BP, Hyundai, Cameco.
Read also: investments in Ukraine's reconstruction - government representatives of the international community Instead, he noted, there is no readiness to invest in Ukraine, and, in his opinion, it is not easy to achieve this.
As reported, the International Conference of Ukraine was held in London on June 21-22 in London(Ukraine Recovery Conference).
Фото: Ростислав Шурма, Фейсбук
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726532-dohodi-vid-arestovanih-rosijskih-aktiviv-peredavatimut-na-vidbudovu-ukraini-surma.html 
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: The Government plans to publish the World Bank report on the losses caused by Russia 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T22:23:04+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:23:04+03:00
Description: The Government of Ukraine will be published in the near future report by the World Bank on the losses caused by Russia from the blast of Kakhovka hydroelectric power station. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16864... ']
Tags: ['Каховська ГЕС', 'Шмигаль', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 The Ukrainian government will publish the World Bank report in the near future on losses caused by the Rosie from the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station.
The Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal said this in an interview with TV channelinter, which was broadcast on the broadcasting of the TV.
"This is a completely resonant terrorist act on the part of Russia, which has been shaken by the world. We will publish the World Bank's report in the coming days in the coming days on the amount of losses from Kakhovka hydroelectric power plants. It is billions of dollars," - said Shmigal.
Read also: Ukraine expects that the States and Canada will be the first to convey confirmed assets of the Russian Federation - Shmigal He expressed his belief that Russia would pay for all these destruction.
As reported by Ukrinform, On June 6, the Russian army undermined the Greblyukakhov hydroelectric power station .
In fact, law enforcement officers began investigations into an article on ecocide.
Read also: Russians have sent 18 billion cubic meters of controlled water - the head of the Kherson Ova Ukrhydroenergo stated that the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station is completely destroyed and recoverable.
The Minister of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources of Ukraine Ruslan Rifle reported that Ukraine's losses suffered by Kakhovskaya HPPs are about $ 1.5 billion, but this is not the final amount.
According to the Ministry of Agrarian Policy and Food, the State Menum of Reclamation Systems and Channels caused UAH 150-160-160 billion in losses.
Read also: damage from Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station can reach hundreds of hryvnias - minister In Kherson region, as of the morning of June 22, 20 inhabited pads remain flooded - 3 on the Right Bank and 17 - on the Left Bank.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726533-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-urad-planue-opublikuvati-zvit-svitovogo-banku-sodo-zbitkiv-zavdanih-rosieu.html 
Freedoms of submarines found near Titanic - media were found 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T22:32:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:32:00+03:00
Description: While searching for Titan's tourist boat, which was heading to the sunken Titanic, a "Wreck Field" was discovered. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['США', 'Титанік', 'Пошуки']
Type: Article
 During the seal of the Titan tourist boat, which headed to the sunken Titanic, a "Field of Wreck Field" was discovered.
The rescue team expert stated the media that the landing frame of the disappeared submarine was found. As Ukrinform reports, it is about this Sky News .
"The field of debris indicates the disintegration of the underwater apparatus, which indeed indicates that the worst scenario is a catastrophic failure and, as a rule, an explosion," said expert David Mirns, who was familiar with two passengers of the boat.
Read also: on a submarine near Titanic "Oxygen-media ended Mirns received a message that is about the detection of two important parts of the submarine, but its body has not yet been found.
The wreckage was found by a remote controlled apparatus, which used cameras and hydrolocators in passages.
Officials have not yet confirmed the identity of the identified elements of the missing.
Read also: [Rescuers heard sounds underwater when searching submarin and near Titanic]](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725673-ratuvalniki-poculi-zvuki-pid-vodou-pid-cas-posuku-submarini-bila-titanika.html)On board the boat were five passengers: billionaire hamish garding, a pilot of the Pol-Anri Nargole Pilot, Businessman Shahzada Daudud and his son Suleman-founder Oceangate company-owner of the missing boat, and Captain Stocktonrash.
The New York Times writes that the wife of the submarine of the submarine Wendy rashes isidor Strauss and his wife Nai, two richest people who died on board Titanic in 1912.
Wendy Rash, whose maiden name Wendy Hallings Weil, married Stocktonarash in 1986. She has participated in three Oceangate expeditions to Titanic's wreckage over the last two years. She is the Director of Communications at Cholovik and Ancient Member of the Board of the Company Charitable Foundation.
Read also: [oxygen is left for 40 hours: Titanic is already looking for submarine in with tourists].(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725517-kisnu-lisilosa-na-40-godin-bila-titanika-vze-kilka-dniv-sukaut-submarinu-z-turistami.html)
It was reported that on Sunday Submarin, which was used for transportation of tourists to inspect the fragments of the sunken "Titanic", disappeared the missing Ocean.
Photo: Ra
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726535-znajdeni-ulamki-submarini-so-znikla-poblizu-titanika-zmi.html 
Everyone who closed his eyes on the occupation 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T22:37:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:37:00+03:00
Description: It takes a complete de-occupation of the Zaporozhye NPP, and anyone who closed their eyes to its occupation by Russia actually contribute to terror. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Звернення', 'Зеленський', 'Запорізька АЕС']
Type: Article
 Full de-occupation of the Zaporizhzhya NPP, and anyone who closed their eyes on its occupation by the Russian occupation actually contribute to terror.
According to Ukrinform, about it in his traditional evening address President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said.
_ Dear Ukrainians, Ukrainians! _
Today was a very busy day.
First, they briefed for partner countries about the situation at the Zaporizhzhya atomic station. There were representatives of the countries of the Great Seven, "Grand Twenty", representatives of international organizations. Here in the office. A available information has been provided from the GUR, from the commissioner, from our diplomats.
Our principle is simple: the world must know what the occupier prepares. Everyone who knows has to act. Of course, after a Russian terrorist attack on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, terrorists on other dams and energy objects of the old one in the world should not have any illusions about Russia. It is Russia that is now the brigal center of cynicism, and from there may be any order for any excellent, which they expect to mask under one or another catastrophe. The world has a complicated power to prevent any radiation incidents and, moreover, a radiation disaster. Everyone understands that intelligence of different countries can give corresponding signals, they can press. This is required.
We will continue to inform partners. Information will also be provided to those countries that have some neutrality even now. Obviously, radiation does not ask, who is unnecessary, and can reach anyone in the world. Accordingly, anyone in the lightisarase can help, and what to do is quite known.
Full de -occupation of the Zaporizhzhya nuclear station is required. And anyone who has fulfilled their eyes on Russia's occupation of such an object, on the mines of Russia, the territory of the structures of the nuclear power plant, in fact contributes not only to this Russian gun, but terror in general. And today I instructed the Minister of Internal Affairs Klimenko Igor to take all necessary measures, all the necessary work with our people on all available risks. And in the near future it will be done.Of course, we also have information about what is happening in the occupied part of the Serson region. To do this, even the word "catastrophe" is not enough. The Russian wicked special groups there to remove and obviously hide the Tilasagid people. And this is not the first time Russia is trying to destroy the evidence of its crimes in the occupied territory. So they did in Mariupol, other places. But this is the truth that you do not hide. And I thank everyone who helps our intelligence, our special services to get the information they need!
He also held a meeting on the spiritual independence of Ukraine - we continue the correspondence, and there will be new steps. Obviously, there can be no spiritual communication with the terrorist state and those who justify the murder, murder of Ukrainians and cover evil. Every day and every night of Russian terror is custom. And we will reach the moment when all the dependence on Russia, which is trying to manipulate somewhere, will be destroyed.
One more.
I want to give especially to all those who, even at that time, even in such circumstances, that our people and our country are small cultural power. Today, the next book Aresenal began in Kyiv. "Arsenal" is the word that best characterizes the meaning of culture. What makes people people. What makes humanity stronger. What protects and spreads through time our experience - everyone and everyone, all of our Ukraine, all our Ukraine, all our Europe, all our humanity. Bellas, if you have the opportunity, visit one of these days Book Arsenal and always support cultural power.
I thank everyone who is fighting and working for Ukraine!I thank everyone who is now in the battles - in the south, in the east, in Zaporozhye, in Donetsk region, in Luhansk region. Thank you!
Thank you all who help Ukraine and protect their lives and humanity with us!
_ Glory to Ukraine! _
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726540-usi-hto-zaplusiv-oci-na-okupaciu-zaes-rosieu-fakticno-spriaut-teroru-zelenskij.html 
Pentagon received a request from Denmark for the Ukrainian Pilots preparation program on F-16 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T22:43:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:43:00+03:00
Description: The US Department of Defense has confirmed that they received an official request from Denmark to make a decision to start preparing Ukrainian pilots on F-16 aircraft in European countries. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_14706... ']
Tags: ['Данія', 'НАТО', 'США', 'Україна', 'ЗСУ', 'Війна з Росією', 'F-16']
Type: Article
 The US Defense Defense has confirmed that they have received an official request from Denmark to make a decision to start the preparation of Ukrainian pilots on aircraftF-16 in the territory of European countries.
This was stated on Thursday during a briefing by a spokesman of the Pentagon, General Patriarkider, reports his own correspondent of Ukrinform.
"We received a request from Denmark to support the F -16 preparation program," the Pentagon representative confirmed.
Read also: Denmark is ready to transfer F -16 fighters to Ukraine - ministry 
He said that, under the procedure, other countries have submitted such requests through the US Department of State, which are then received for consideration by the Ministry of Defense. Now, according to Rider, the request is under consideration.
The general explained that since it is a plane of American production, it is necessary to undergo a formal procedure that will allow the third party to use their F-16 to conduct exercises with the Ukrainian side.
Read also: Denmark has approved a package of military assistance to Ukraine for € 2.95 billion 
The general recalled that the topic of preparation of Ukrainian pilots on F-16 aircraft was developed last week at a meeting of the contact group on defense Ukraine in Brussels. In this regard, he noted that the Netherlands and Denmarks, which determine the time and places for training, are responsible for the development of this program.
“What we expect further is that by the end of the year, apparently, studying at the F-16 will become somewhere in Europe. The United States will cooperate closely with our nationals to implement this training, ”the US defense representative said.
Read also: base for training in the Armed Forces pilots on F -16 can place Romania - Politico 
As reported by Ukrinform, fighter manufacturer F-16 He declared his willingness to help Ukrainian pilots in training and maintenance if NATO countries agree to send these planes to help Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726536-pentagon-otrimav-zapit-vid-danii-na-programu-pidgotovki-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16.html 
Zelensky instructed Klimenko to carry out an explanatory work with the population on the risks of the ZPP 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T22:46:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:46:00+03:00
Description: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky instructed the Minister of Internal Affairs Igor Klimenko to carry out the necessary measures and explanatory work with the population on risks at the Zaporizhzhia NPP. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Клименко', 'МВС', 'Зеленський', 'Запорізька АЕС']
Type: Article
 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky instructed the Minister of Internal Affairs, Igor Klimenkiv, to take the necessary measures and explanatory work with the population on the risks of Nazaposhi NPP.
The head of state told about it in his evening video , reports correspondent.
"Today, however, I have instructed the Minister of Internal Affairs of Ukraine Igor Klimenkiv to take all necessary measures, all the necessary explanatory work with our landscapes on all available risks. And in the near future it will be done," the President said.
Read also: all who have closed their eyes on the occupation of Russia, contribute to the terror - Zelensky He also reported that he held a meeting with GUR, SBU and the Ministry of Internal Affairs regarding the relevant safe issues - concerning the Zaporizhzhya station, and the consequences of the Russian terrorist attack at the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station.
"We are doing our best to connect as much effort and means to the pressure and impact of the terrorist," Zelensky emphasized.
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station and new security doctrine: presidential meeting with the Interior Minister According to Ukrinform, President Vladimir Zelensky believes that the Russian Civalas wants to undermine Zaporizhzhya NPP for destabilization in Ukraine, as well as for this, that the world presses on Kiev, demanding to stop this conflict.
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726541-zelenskij-doruciv-klimenku-provesti-rozasnuvalnu-robotu-z-naselennam-sodo-rizikiv-na-zaes.html 
To reduce the voltage between Kosovo and Serbia EU proposes to hold new local elections 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T22:53:52+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:53:52+03:00
Description: The European Union proposes to hold new municipal elections in northern Kosovo with the unconditional participation of the Serbian population of these regions. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16721... ']
Tags: ['Євросоюз', 'Косово', 'Сербія', 'Вучич', 'Боррель']
Type: Article
 The European Union proposes to hold new municipal elections in the northern Kosovoz's unconditional participation of the Serbian population of these regions.
This was stated in Brussels today by the EU High Representative Josep Borrel with the suspicion of an extraordinary meeting with Serbia President Alexandar Vuchich Tapremier-Minister Kosovo Albina Kurty, Ukrinform correspondent reports.
"For almost four weeks we see how the resolution in the north Kosovo, with protests and violent collisions.(International stabilization forces in Kosovo under the auspices of NATO - ed.), journalists, law enforcement officers and ordinary residents were injured, and we have been dying about these incidents every day. This is unacceptable, and it cannot be deemed, ”the EU High Representative emphasized.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726123-borrel-zaprosiv-lideriv-serbii-ta-kosovo-na-terminovi-peregovori-do-brussela.html)To reduce tension, the high EU representative invited President Serbia Tapremier-Minister Kosovo to arrive in Brussels to participate in a crisis management meeting. He thanked both leaders for consent to arrive in Brussels Tasrobrob to find ways to reduce tension. At the same time, Serbia's leaders did not have a personal meeting, they met with representatives of the European side, who tried to agree on the measures of de -escalation.
The European side has presented the parties with a clear vision of such measures. In particular, Kosovo should immediately stop a police operation near municipal buildings in northern Kosovo, and allow four mayors to perform their duties with the margins of these municipal buildings. In turn, Serbia should provide all participants in protests from the municipal buildings where they know, at the same time as Kosovo's police are allocated.
Both sides have to declare early elections, to make it faster and the prerequisites for Kosovo Serbs.
Read also: Serbia President has put forward a condition for continuing the prime minister Kosov And in Brussels 
He noted that there could be no impunity for violence, they are held accountable to a legal, professional tapestry.
“After four -hour meetings, I think both leaders understand the severity of stations. Obviously, they are in different situations, have different approaching different interpretations on causes, consequences and possible decisions. On the basis of EU propositions, we have agreed around the need for new elections, and discussing the specific details, ways and modality, how to achieve it, ”the EU High Representative said.
Read also: Kosov O enhances control on the border with Serbia post -fertilizer with police He also stressed that the parties should stop arbitrary arrests. The EU's Civil Protection Mission in Kosovo will play a more decisive role in this context. Borrel called President Vuchich immediately and unconditionally released for three Kosovo police officers who are currently in Serbia. He also questioned the investigation and taking legal measures for factual treatment of detained people in Kosovo.
“I and EU special representative Miroslav Laichak will be in constant contact with the parties in the next days. I will inform the Ministers of the EU foreign law on Monday, where we are, and in what direction we have to move, ”Josep Borrel said.
It was reported that KOsovo's clashes between local police are the Tseuzers of shares that protest against the arrival of mayors, which are ethnic albanists, in areas of residence of the Serbian population.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726542-dla-znizenna-naprugi-miz-kosovo-i-serbieu-es-proponue-provesti-novi-miscevi-vibori.html 
The President on the Situation of the ZPP: The world must know and act 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T22:59:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:59:00+03:00
Description: Ukraine provided international partners with full information about the situation around the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant and the actions of Russian invaders. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16596... ']
Tags: ['Зеленський', 'Запорізька АЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Ukrainian hasanized full information on the international partners regarding the situation of the Zaporozhye Nuclear Power Plant and the actions of the Russian invaders.
About it during video address President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said.
"They briefed for partner countries on the situation in the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power. Simple: the world should know what the occupier prepares. Everyone who knows should act, "Zelensky said.
Read also: Zelensky instructed Klimenko to carry out an explanatory work with the population about the risks at ZPP The President stressed that after the Russian terrorist attack on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, the Tascotted strikes of terrorists on other dams and energy objects, no illusions about Russia.
"It is Russia that is now the global center of cynicism, and from there may be any order for any evil that they expect to mask under one or another. Everyone understands that intelligence countries can give appropriate signals, they can press. This is needed, "the President said.
Volodymyr Zelensky noted that Ukraine will continue to inform partners.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726540-usi-hto-zaplusiv-oci-na-okupaciu-zaes-rosieu-fakticno-spriaut-teroru-zelenskij.html)Information will also be provided to those countries that keep some neutrality.
"Obviously, radiation does not ask who is neutral and can reach anyone. Accordingly, anyone in the world can help now, and what to do is quite aware," Zelensky said.
As reported by Ukrinform, earlier the President of Ukraine stated that the Russian Federation was considering the scenario of conducting a terrorist act at the Zaporizhzhya atomic power plant and has already prepared everything for it.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726543-prezident-pro-situaciu-na-zaes-svit-povinen-znati-ta-diati.html 
Pentagon has not confirmed the US involvement in the planning of blows on bridges in the Crimean area 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T23:05:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T23:05:00+03:00
Description: The US Department of Defense does not confirm that the US side was involved in the planning and damage of bridge structures in the Crimean Peninsula. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15880... ']
Tags: ['Чонгар', 'Пентагон', 'США', 'Міст']
Type: Article
 The US Defense Ministry does not confirm that the US side was attached to the planning and damage of bridge structures in the area of the Crimean Powder.
About this on Thursday during a briefing a spokesman of the Pentagon, General Patriarkireder, reports his own correspondent of Ukrinform.
“It is Ukraine's struggle, they plan and conduct these fighting. We focus on cooperation with them, our allies and partners to make sure(Armed Forces - Ed.)have combat capabilities necessary to protect their own country and return part of the territories, ”the US defense representative said.
Read also: Chubarov: The invaders are confused, undermined the Chongar bridge complicated their logistics In response to the clarifying question, whether the US side of the election and blow on the bridges joined, the General repeated that the fighting was conducting the Armed Forces.
"They choose goals and fulfill this mission," the Penthane representative emphasized.
Read also: Kongar Bridge blow: occupiers send transport to Armenian and Perekop As reported by Ukrinform, on the Chongar bridge connecting the temporary -heated Crimea with mainland Ukraine, a blow was hit, the movement of bridge -tumped. In addition, a blow to the old bridge through Sivash was also hit.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3726545-pentagon-ne-pidtverdiv-pricetnist-ssa-do-planuvanna-udariv-po-mostah-v-rajoni-krimu.html 
The Ukrainian national team started at the European Cadet Championship 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T23:10:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T23:10:00+03:00
Description: Ukrainian cadets have begun a speech at the European Judo Championships, which will last until June 24 in Obielash (Portugal). - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Дзюдо']
Type: Article
 UKRAINE Without awards, Ukrainian Judo Championships began without awards, which will be lifted until June 24 in Odivelash(Portugal).
Як повідомляє пресслужба The Judoukraine Federation, more than 400 judoists have been declared for the competition under 18 years of 40 countries, including 16 representatives of the national team of Ukraine.
Portugal went to the strongest Ukrainian cadets, which are well manifested at the stages of the European Cup and the National Championship.
_ Full of the Ukrainian team for the European Championship among the cadets 2023: _
Cadets: Ivan Trofimov(up to 50 kg), Danilo Avramenko, Nikita Malets(up to 55 kg), Danilo Kravchenko(up to 60 kg), Danilo Fedorik, Vladislav Protsenko(up to 66 kg), Taras Nelzev, Stanislav Sagir(up to 73 kg), Nikita Yuanov(up to 90 kg), Yaroslavlchenko(More than 90 kg).
кадетки: Віола Мєлєшкова (up to 44 kg), Margarita Miroshnichenko(up to 48 kg), Elizabeth Yemelyanova, Anastasia Levchenko(up to 52 kg), Christina Opanasenko(do63 kg), Anna Oliynyk-Korniyko(up to 70 kg).
Читайте також: Українські дзюдо їсти здобули 5 медалей на чемпіонатіЄвропи серед ветеранів According to the head coach of the cadet national team Sergei Drebot, the athletes have performed the entire planned volume of work, well -tuned both physically and and psychologically.
Photo: Ukrainejudo.com.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726546-zbirna-ukraini-z-dzudo-startuvala-na-cempionati-evropi-sered-kadetiv.html 
Zelensky announced new steps for the spiritual independence of Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T23:16:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T23:16:00+03:00
Description: The President of Ukraine held a meeting on the spiritual independence of Ukraine. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16870... ']
Tags: ['Книжковий Арсенал', 'Тероризм', 'Зеленський']
Type: Article
 The President of Ukraine held a meeting on the spiritual independence of Ukraine.
About it during video address President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said, Ukrinform reports.
"He also held a meeting on the spiritual independence of Ukraine-we continue the relevant work, and there will be new steps. Obviously, there can be no truly ties with a terrorist state and those who justify murder, murder of Ukrainians and cover evil. Every day and every night The terror is proved. And we will reach the moment when all the dependence on Russia, which someone is trying to manipulate somewhere, will be destroyed, " - saidzelensky.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725990-ak-u-mihajlivskomu-sobori-svatili-angeliv-ohoronciv.html)The President thanked everyone who protects our country in the south, east, Zaporozhye, Donetsk, Luhansk and those who work for the sake of Ukraine.
He also noted the work of the next "Book Arsenal" In Kiev, and called on to visit him.
"I want to particularly thank all those who, even at such a time, even in such circumstances, puts their efforts that our people and our country are small cultural power. Today, another" book Aresenal "has begun in Kiev." Arsenal "is the one the word that best characterizes the meaning of culture. What makes people people. What makes humanity more stronger. What protects our experience through time - everyone and everyone, all of our Ukraine, all our Ukraine, all our Europe, all our humanity . Any, if you have the opportunity, visit one of these days of the Book Arsenal and always support cultural power, "Vladimir Zelensky said.
Read also: Tkachenko hopes that the BP will consider the law of religious organizations As reported by Ukrinform, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky and the first laviolet Zelensk visited the opening of the Book Arsenal-2023 in Kiev.
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726547-zelenskij-anonsuvav-novi-kroki-dla-duhovnoi-nezaleznosti-ukraini.html 
US and India have agreed on the importance of a meal recovery of Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T23:27:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T23:27:00+03:00
Description: The United States and India will continue to provide humanitarian assistance to Ukraine and consider it necessary to ensure the reconstruction of the Ukrainian state after the war. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16694... ']
Tags: ['Індія', 'США', 'Відновлення України']
Type: Article
 The United States and India will continue to provide humanitarian assistance to Ukraine and consider it necessary to ensure the reconstruction of the Ukrainian state after the war.
This is stated in a joint statement, published by the White House, according to the results of President Baiden President and Prime Minister Modi on Thursday, Ukrainian reports.
“Both countries have pledged to provide humanitarian assistance to the people. They urged to respect international law, the principles of the UN Charter, territorial integrity and sovereignty. Both countries have agreed in respect Ukraine's restoration After the conflict, ”the document noted.
Read also: income from arrested Russian assets will be transferred to Ukraine's reconstruction - Shurma 
Biden President and Prime Minister Modi have expressed a deep pity because of the horrific tragic humanitarian consequences caused by the Russian war.
"The leaders emphasized the serious and increasing impact of the war on the global economic system, including food, fuel and energy security and critical supply chains," the statement said.
In this connection, leaders have called for more efforts to soften the warriors of war, especially in developing countries.
Read also: Ukraine expects that the States and Canada will be the first to pass confidential assets of the Russian Federation - Shmigal 
According to Ukrinform, US President Meet Joe Baiden and Prime Minister's meeting of Narendra Modi took place on Thursday at the White House. The parties have expressed the readiness to combine efforts to establish peace in Ukraine, as well as to respond to global humanitarian consequences caused by the war of Putin Vevropi.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726549-ssa-ta-india-pogodilisa-sodo-vazlivosti-postvoennogo-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html 
In Kherson region, the invaders formed special groups to hide the bodies of the dead - Zelensky 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T23:35:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T23:35:00+03:00
Description: On the Left Bank of Kherson region, the occupiers formed special groups to remove and obviously hide the bodies of the dead as a result of the blasting of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16852... ']
Tags: ['Херсонщина', 'Агресія РФ', 'Зеленський', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The from the left bank of Kherson region, the occupiers formed special groups to remove and obviously hide the bodies of the dead as a result of the blasting of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station.
President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy told this in his evening video. Ukrinform correspondent reports.
"There was also a separate report by the Minister of Internal Affairs to support people and the life of Kherson and in other areas of our south, which were injured by the destruction of the Kakhovka reservoir. Of course, we have information about what is being used in the occupied part Kherson region . To do this, even the word "catastrophe" is not enough. Russian evil has formed special groups there to pick up and obviously hide the bodies of dead people, "the President said.
Read also: Russians have sent 18 billion cubic meters of controlled water - the head of Kherson Ova 
According to him, this is not the first time Russia is trying to destroy the evidence of the Tasuli of its crimes in the occupied territory.
"So they did in Mariupol and in other places. But this is the truth that you are unsuccessful.
Read also: in the territory of the occupied Zaporizhzhya NPPs were mines - Magate 
As reported by Ukrinform, on June 6, the Russian army undermined the Greblyukakhov hydroelectric power station.
In fact, law enforcement officers began investigations into an article on ecocide.
President Volodymyr Zelensky, in an online statement to the organization of the US states, expressed his conviction that those who gave an order to destroy the Kakhovskaya Hins and the reservoir understood the consequences of their actions.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726548-na-hersonsini-zagarbniki-sformuvali-specgrupi-sob-shovati-tila-zagiblih-zelenskij.html 
Georgia President has pardoned the prisoner CEO of the Main Opposition TV channel 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T23:44:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T23:44:00+03:00
Description: Georgia President Salome Zurabishvili signed an act of pardon by a prisoner journalist, the former CEO of the Georgian Channel Rustavi-2 and the current head of Mavari's TV company Nicoloz Gwaramia. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Грузія', 'Помилування', 'Президент', 'Журналіст']
Type: Article
 Georgia President Salome Zurabishvili signed an act of pardoning a journalist, a former CEO of the Georgian Channel Rustavi-2 and the current head of Mavari's TV company Nicoloz Gwaramia.
According to Ukrinform, the edition [Novosti-Grusia] reports about it(https://www.newsgeorgia.ge/prezident-gruzii-pomilovala-niku-gvaramija/).
“Today I signed an act of pardon by Nicoloz Gwaramia. I approved overwhelming after all the legal steps were exhausted on June 19, the Hollow Court did not satisfy the lawsuit. I am not going to explain this decision, so why it is my discretionary right, which I use today, ” - Razalazurbishvili.
Read also: [Ukrainian journalists held an action in Kiev.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718434-ukrainski-zurnalisti-proveli-u-kievi-akciu-na-pidtrimku-uvaznenogo-gruzinskogo-kolegi.html) 
It was reported that Nika Gvaramia is one of the main critics of the Government of Georgian Mrivria. In the summer of 2019, he was fired from the television company "Rusta 2" after a successful case to one of the former owners - loyal to Vladibusinessman Kibar Khalwashi.
Subsequently, Gwaramia created the MTAVARI channel, re -assembled the team.
In May 2022, the Tbilisi City Court condemned the Gwaramia to 3.5 years of imprisonment of will - it is the most severe punishment under the article on exceeding the power.
Read also: opposition in Tbilisi held a rally for the resignation of the Tai -European Government of Georgia 
The court pleaded guilty that his family used the expensive vehicle Porsche, obtained from a private company in exchange for placing advertisements on Rustav 2. According to the court, it has caused the interests of a private television company.
Foto: Novosti-Grusia 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726550-prezidentka-gruzii-pomiluvala-uvaznenogo-gendirektora-golovnogo-opozicijnogo-telekanalu.html 
Kuleba: In Vilnius a step towards Ukraine's membership in NATO will be taken, the question is how long 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T23:57:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T23:57:00+03:00
Description: At the July Summit of NATO in Vilnius, partners will take a step towards Ukraine's membership in the Alliance, but now the question remains how long it will be. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16594... ']
Tags: ['Дмитро Кулеба', 'МЗС', 'НАТО', 'Україна']
Type: Article
 NATO NATO Summit in Vilnius will take a step towards Ukraine's membership, but the question remains how long it will be.
This was stated by Foreign Minister Dmitry Kuleb in an interview "public" , reports Ukrinform.
“From the fact that I understand about the Vilnius summit, we are now in the stage where partial expectations are already satisfied, let's say so. But I will say metaphorically: when they were talking to a conversation with partners about the Vilnius summit, they insisted that they took a step towards Ukraine's membership in NATO. This problem is solved today. The crop will be done. The question of how long will it be, how wide will it be brought and delivered? And this is in itself an achievement, ”said the head of Ukrainian diplomacy.
According to him, the Ukrainian side says "tough things", we were sent to us: "Do not bend, you have to rely on us and listen to what we will do."
Read also: Ukraine will receive an invitation to NATO after completing the Czech President 
“But the President is adamant in this matter: NATO's membership of Ukraine is a single way to prevent new wars in Europe. And this is really true, ”Kuleba has.
It was reported that on July 11-12 in Vilnius _ NATO Summit will take place. _
At all levels, the Ukrainian side emphasized that the assurances that "Ukrainian member of the Alliance", which were heard during the NATO Bucharest Summit in 2008, were not enough.
Instead, Ukraine raises NATO Allies on the guarantee of security and a clear prospects for movement to full membership in the Alliance.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726448-kuleba-u-vilnusi-krok-do-clenstva-ukraini-v-nato-bude-zroblenij-pitanna-naskilki-dovgij.html 
At night the enemy attacked the objects of critical infrastructure of Ukraine: 6 rockets and 3 Shahd did not reach the goals 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T24:00:00-04:00
Description: Uonoch 22 Rosiyciyki workers attacked the Ukrainian with Kh-22, X-47 missiles ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when , The war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' ppo.jpg ']
Tags: ['SHAHED-136/131', 'ЗБИТТЯ КИНДЖАЛА', 'КОМАНДУВАННЯ ПОВІТРЯНИХ СИЛ ЗСУ', 'ОБСТРІЛИ ІНФРАСТРУКТУРИ', 'Х-22']
Category: News
 On June 22, Russian invaders attacked Ukraine from the air with rockets X-22, X-47 "dagger" and shock drones Shahd-136/131.
About it reports Armed Forces Command.
From the TU-22M3 bombers from the Azov Sea water area, the enemy has performed three winged X-22 missiles, from the MiG-31K-three aerobalist missiles X-47 "Dagel". The launches of four Shahaneda Iranian Iranian were also recorded - three gilldrons were destroyed by air defense.
The enemy rockets did not reach their goals in Dnipropetrovsk. However, terror against the Ukrainian people is occupied by attacking the objects of critical infrastructure of Ukraine.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/vnochi-vorog-atakuvav-obyekty-krytychnoyi-infrastruktury-ukrayiny-6-raket-i-3-shahed-ne-dosyagly-czilej/ 
"The captives testify to the fear of the invaders in front of Western equipment and the level of our possession" - Valery Shershn 
Author: ['Олексій Тригуб']
Time: 2023-06-22T26:00:00-04:00
Description: The power of the Tavriysky defense of the revenge of the attack of the operations ... war with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine will be either in 2022. No, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo_2023-06-06_11-11-13.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВАЛЕРІЙ ШЕРШЕНЬ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ЄДИНІ НОВИНИ', 'ТАВРІЙСЬКИЙ НАПРЯМОК']
Category: News
 Valery Shershn
The forces of Tavriya's defense continue to conduct an offensive operation in Melitopol and Berdyansk. About it on a live broadcast Telelorphone The only news was told by the spokesman of the united Press Center of Defense forces of Tavriyskaya direction Valery Shershn.
During the past day, Rosarmia attacked the positions of Ukrainian defenders in the Tavriya direction 29 times. Honor artillery 574 times fired at barrel and jet artillery and tanks. Captain Valery Shershne, most often and most intensively, the enemy attacked the position in the East, namely: in Donetsk region, in the area of Avdiivka and Marinka. Having received a decent repent, he retreated. The most importantly, emphasizes the spokesman of the united Press Center of the Defense Forces, that our defenders were not lost during the day.
Artillerymen and rockets shone in Tavriya during the day 1212 fireworks, including a counter -backer struggle, destroying the many enemy's living strength and technique. Here the enemy lost 129 military servicemen killed, 236 - wounded and 5 - prisoners. At the same time, Valery Shershn emphasizes, testifies to the fear of the invaders with pre -western equipment and the ability of Ukrainian military to use its combat skillfully. They also tell about increasing cases of desertion of a vocaping contingent.
During the day in the Tavriysk direction, Ukrainian defenders destroyed 21 units of weapons and military equipment - it is about destroyed, weeded equipment is not discussed here. Among other things, in particular, Zala and Orlan-10 aircraft Airlines, self-propelled aircraft artillery-mining 2C9 "Nona" and more weapons. Only during this night the enemy was lost by the radiation station "Zoo-1", stations of the IP "Field-21", one tank of Tauctor of the infantry fighting vehicles. There are also beautiful trophies, the most important of which for the past has become a T-80 tank, which will soon destroy their former owners, liberating Ukrainian land from them.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/poloneni-svidchat-pro-strah-okupantiv-pered-zahidnoyu-tehnikoyu-ta-rivnem-nashogo-volodinnya-neyu-valerij-shershen/ 
Most in the Land Forces and Air Force: Sergey Naev told how many women serve in the Armed Forces 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T28:00:00-04:00
Description: The cups of the large -scale invadre in Ukraine of the Rosiyki pay -on -bells to Love ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 355645377_657577643064958_6136658973847806271_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['ЖІНКИ В ЗСУ', 'СЕРГІЙ НАЄВ']
Category: News
 Since the beginning of a large -scale invasion of Russian occupation troops in Ukraine the Armed Forces of Ukraine, more than 11 thousand women have been called at their own request **.
About it reported Commander of the Joint Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Lieutenant General Sergey Naev.
“From the first day of the war, women, along with men, stood in queues of the dottorial centers of staffing to join in the protection of our father -in -law. They chose the most dangerous specialties, replenishing lavigrantomarators, machine gunners, shooters and snipers, sometimes having the most awesome desires to become gunners of tanks, to be part of servicing and mortars. Teachers, teachers and scientists, engineers, economists, lawyers, medical workers, housewives, young mothers who were in the way of vacation ... All of them are united by the fact that they are real Ukrainian women who were unable to sit at home when their homeland shouted at all Light help, ”he said.
Currently, according to Lieutenant General Sergei Nayev, women are undergoing service in:
"We all noticed and felt that in a year and a half a large -scale invasion, our women have been moving and transformed, surpassing, in my opinion, the legendary stomachs," he added.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/najbilshe-u-suhoputnyh-vijskah-ta-povitryanyh-sylah-sergij-nayev-rozpoviv-skilky-zhinok-sluzhyt-u-zsu/ 
Kirill Budanov participated in the meeting of the coordination headquarters on the investigation of military crimes of the Russian Federation in Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T2:00:00-04:00
Description: Head of the head management of the Rosvіki of the Mini -Mini, Ukrainian Defense, Kirilo Budanov, taking ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 355512048_580422907602467_485174662760967697_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['ГУР МО УКРАЇНИ', 'КИРИЛО БУДАНОВ']
Category: News
 The Head of the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine Kirilobudanov participated in the meeting of the coordination headquarters on the issues of investigating Russia's crimes and its aggressive war of anti -Ukraine.
The headquarters created for the interaction of law enforcement and other state bodies of Ukraine is coordinated by the Prosecutor General of Ukraine Andriy Kostin.
The participants of the meeting discussed a number of procedural and practical steps for effective work for the sake of bringing terrorist Russia, in particular its military and political leadership, to responsibility.
In the context of the fixation of military crimes committed by Russia, the crime of aggressive and other gross violations of international law, participants emphasized the stubbornness of interaction with the intelligence agencies of Ukraine.
GUR of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine reminds that for every military crime of the Russians there will be a fair payment.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/kyrylo-budanov-vzyav-uchast-v-zasidanni-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-z-pytan-rozsliduvannya-voyennyh-zlochyniv-rf-v-ukrayini/ 
Ukrainian judo players will perform at the British stage of the European Cup 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T2:11:15+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:11:15+03:00
Description: In Birmingham (United Kingdom) on June 24-25, the next stage of the European Cup with Judo among juniors will be held. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Дзюдо']
Type: Article
 In Birmingham(United Kingdom)On June 24-25, the next stage of the European Cup will be held among juniors.
As the official [site] informs(https://www.ijf.org/competition/2487)International Judo Federation(IJF), 273 athletes from 18 countries will perform at the tournament, Ukrinform reports.
Ukraine will be represented by Elena Shchigolev(weight category up to 57 kg)and Yulikurchenko(78 kg), reports Ukrinform.
Read also: Ukrainians won the Slovenian stage of the European Cup with judo The Birmingham tournament will be held without the participation of representatives of Russia and Belarus.
Photo: Ukrainejudo.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726531-ukrainski-dzudoistki-vistuplat-na-britanskomu-etapi-kubka-evropi.html 
Water purifiers, generators and building: Japan will support Ukraine in overcoming the consequences 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T30:00:00-04:00
Description: Japanese to the Ukrainian is cleaned, the generators are the Budielnu Technician for Podolansky ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' fzmhreoayauy1xl.jpg ']
Tags: ['КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС/ШТАБ INFO', 'ЯПОНІЯ']
Category: News
 Japan will provide Ukraine with water purifiers, generators and construction equipment to provide the consequences of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Exploration.
About it reported Japan's Foreign Minister Khayashi Yoshimas, following the meeting of the Supremier-Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal.
“Japan has decided to provide emergency humanitarian aid totaling $ 5 million of humanitarian aid to the victims as a result of flooding, such as food, water, sanitation and health. In addition, we will provide about 160 water purifiers, 30 drainage pumps, 4 plastic water containers and 4,000 large water tanks, 2 20 generators and 530 building machines, ”Hayashi Yoshimas said.
In addition, Japan will hold its own conference on economic restoration of Ukraine at the end of the year.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan said that after his speech at the Conference in London, he was with the Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal and invited him to meet Japan and the head of the Ukrainian government accepted a proposal.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ochyshhuvachi-vody-generatory-ta-budtehnika-yaponiya-pidtrymaye-ukrayinu-u-podolanni-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/ 
The United Kingdom will teach Ukrainian courses in virtual reality 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T32:00:00-04:00
Description: Ukrainian sailors-curses are renounced by all from Virtual Real (VR) within the framework of ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 2961083993750467014750818049449657666424388n.webp ']
Tags: ['ВЕЛИКА БРИТАНІЯ', 'МОРЯКИ', 'ПІДГОТОВКА ВІЙСЬКОВОСЛУЖБОВЦІВ']
Category: News
 Ukrainian courses will receive virtual reality training(VR)Inspectorate of new help from the United Kingdom.
About it reported on the site of the British government.
The UK noted that training will be conducted with the help of VR technology to allow cadets to work out a script life at sea.
"Since access to Ukrainian ports is limited through Putin's aggression, the Britain will finance the advanced training of virtual reality for the Sea in Ukraine," the statement reads.
In addition, Ukrainians will receive financial assistance to pass a three -year practice on British large vessels, including containers.
"The support that the Minister of Infrastructure of Ukraine congratulated on bilateral with the Minister of Transport of British Mark Harper will help to protect the Navy sector of Ukraine, which is valued worldwide and plays a keyway for export of grain and broader Ukrainian and world economy," the statement.
The Ministry of Transport will also assist the training of Ukrainian -speakers in the United Kingdom.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/velyka-brytaniya-navchatyme-ukrayinskyh-moryakiv-kursantiv-u-virtualnij-realnosti/ 
The National Guards took part in 35 countertops, 60 people were transferred to the SBU for inspection - Mykola Urshalovich 
Author: ['Сергій Лемеха']
Time: 2023-06-22T34:00:00-04:00
Description: Lastly Tizhnya Pydrodrzhyniy guards, Ukrainian took fate from 35 races ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 10-26.jpg ']
Tags: ['МИКОЛА УРШАЛОВИЧ']
Category: News
 Photo of NSU
Last week, the units of the National Guard of Ukraine took part in 35 countertops, which took place in 47 settlements.
This was announced during a briefing at the Military Media Center by the Deputy Director Administration of Planning of the Use of the Main Directorate of National Guard Colonel Mykola Urshalovich.
According to Mykola Urshalovich, in general, during the implementation of tasks for the provision of legal regime of martial law, the NSU units for a week were for the commission of offenses 2087, of which 94 were criminal. , 30 kg of explosives and 0.2 kg of narcotic substances.
He also reported that the forces and means of NSU had completed the tasks of the Association Special Border Operation "West-2023". As a result of the work, more than 103 thousand people and about 72 thousand transposes were checked. 40 persons at criminal and 39 for administrative offenses were detained and handed over to law enforcement agencies.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/naczgvardijczi-vzyaly-uchast-u-35-kontrdyversijnyh-zahodah-60-osib-peredano-sbu-dlya-perevirky-mykola-urshalovych/ 
An explosion of the house in Kiev: at the site of the tragedy there is a parser 
Author: ['Микола Блонар']
Time: 2023-06-22T36:00:00-04:00
Description: Sogodni Vnochi in one of the drilling area of the sleeping area of Kiwu. Ryatuvalniki of the DSNS ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 181998-1_large.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'ДСНС', 'ОЛЕКСАНДР ХОРУНЖИЙ']
Category: News
 T.me/va_kyiv
Tonight in one of the houses of the sleeping area of Kiev there was an explosion. The rescuers of the SES began evacuation of residents and extinguishing a fire. Four apartments were arranged by the explosion and six more were damaged. About it during briefing In Military Mediacenter, a spokesman for the State Service of Ukraine for Emergency Situations Harunzhi told.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/vybuh-budynku-v-kyyevi-dvoye-zagyblyh-ta-shhe-pyatero-osib-travmovano-oleksandr-horunzhyj/ 
Russia is considering a terrorist attack at the Zaporizhzhya NPP with radiation release, the world must act - President of Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T38:00:00-04:00
Description: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky Floated to Ukrainians Isit Iz with a Glob ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' censor_social.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВОЛОДИМИР ЗЕЛЕНСЬКИЙ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'НЕБЕЗПЕКА ПІДРИВУ ЗАЕС', 'ПРЕЗИДЕНТ УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky appealed to the Ukrainians and the world with a zaklik to stop the terrorist attack at a temporarily occupied Zaporizhzhya NPP, which prepares the Russian Federation.
About it reports Office of the President of Ukraine.
“There was just a report of our intelligence and the Security Service of Ukraine. Two points. The Russian terrorist attack at the Kakhovsky Hydroelectric power plant. And one more thermal, which, unfortunately, is prepared by Russian invaders - at the Zaporizhzhya atomic station, ”the Head of State emphasized.
Under his information, the Ukrainian intelligence and Security Service of Ukraine gathered novid how Russian terrorists have undermined dams and other structures. It was absolutely conscious, calculated.
“Now about Zaporizhzhya atomic. Russia uses the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Station as an element in its aggression. Occupies the station. She covers the shelling of the neighboring largest. Holds weapons and military. Now our intelligence has received information about the fact that Russia is considering the script of a terrorist act in the Zaporozhye nuclear power plant. A terrorist act with radiation release. They have prepared everything for this, ”Volodymyr Zelenskyy said.
All available information is transmitted to the partners of Ukraine - everyone in the world.
“There should never be any terrorist attacks at nuclear power plants. This one -time one should be like Kakhovka: the world is warned, so the world may have to act, ”the President of Ukraine summed up.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/rosiya-rozglyadaye-sczenarij-teraktu-na-zaporizkij-aes-z-vykydom-radiacziyi-svit-povynen-diyaty-prezydent-ukrayiny/ 
Already 20 NATO member states support Ukraine's integration into the Alliance - Shmigal 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T3:13:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:13:00+03:00
Description: As of today, 20 NATO member countries fully support Ukraine's integration into the Alliance. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15709... ']
Tags: ['НАТО', 'Україна', 'Шмигаль', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 Today, 20 NATO member countries fully support Ukraine's integration.
Prime Minister Denis Shmigal said this on the air of the television "Unin", Ukrinform reports.
"To date, 20 NATO member countries fully support Ukraine's integration into the Alliance. And this is an absolute majority. Of course, we have a refinement of homework and negotiate with all other allies to have a bad consensus. This is not an easy task, but we are working on it all: The President and the Government, "Smigal said.
Read also: PACE supported the formula of Peace of Zelensky and Ukraine's accession to NATO 
He expressed his hope that at a summit in Vilnius, Ukraine will receive clear tacked messages when and how it becomes a member of NATO.
"And this will not be in any unknown perspective in the future, but there will be specific termins in the near future. We understand what we want, and we are very straightforward about it with partners," the Prime Minister said.
Read also: Ukraine will receive an invitation to NATO after completing the Czech President 
It was reported that from the beginning of the Russian invasion of Ukraine NATO and the Union countries continue to give Ukraine a significant political, economic, humanitarian and military assistance. The continuation and increase of such assistance will be one of the main panels during the meeting of the Heads of State and Government of the Alliance, which will take place on July 11-12.
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg noted at one of the latest pre -conferences that NATO Allies agree that Ukraine became the Alliance, but will not consider the issue of its formal invitation to enter during the Vilnius Summit.
Read also: Kuleba: In Vilnius a step towards Ukraine's membership in NATO is built, the question is how long " 
He noted that the decisions made during a summit in Vilnius would lead Ukraine to NATO. Read also: Kuleba: In Vilnius a step towards Ukraine's membership in NATO is built, the question is how long " 
Instead, Ukraine raises NATO allies on the issue of guaranteeing security and a clear prospects for movement to full membership in the Alliance.
NATO members are now 31 states.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726530-vze-20-derzavcleniv-nato-pidtrimuut-integraciu-ukraini-do-alansu-smigal.html 
In one battle, the National Guards destroyed up to 30 invaders and captured the captive - Mykola Urshalovich 
Author: ['Сергій Лемеха']
Time: 2023-06-22T40:00:00-04:00
Description: On the Lugansk region, in the district of Serebryanskoy Listnitva, Viexkovo Service National Guard of Vidbili ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 3-1-3.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'МИКОЛА УРШАЛОВИЧ', 'НГУ']
Category: News
 Photo of NSU
In the Luhansk region, in the area of Serebryansky forestry, the National Guard servicemen had a storm of the enemy, destroying about 30 invaders and capturing one.
This was announced during a briefing at the Military Media Center by the Deputy Director Administration of Planning of the Use of the Main Directorate of National Guard Colonel Mykola Urshalovich.
“In the Kupyansk, Lyman and Siversky directions, the enemy of successful assault actions on the positions of the Guards units, actively examined jet artillery and aviation.
It was especially hot in the Serebryansky Forestry area, where the enemy tried to identify the National Guard units from the positions, but unchanged a decent repel. Thus, on June 19, the enemy, after long-lasting, prevailing forces, with the support of tanks, conducted assault actions at the positions of units of the 5th Slobozhansky Brigade. But thanks to the reserves introduced into the battle, the enemy was rejected, control of the supersonate positions was restored, about 30 invaders were destroyed and one took one, ”he said.
In addition, on June 18, in the area of the settlement of the dispute, as a result of combat reporting, the personnel of the 4th brigade of the operational purpose was taken inpolon of the occupier, which belongs to the Storm-Z detachment. One tank of TabmP-2 of the enemy was also destroyed.
"Despite the enemy in the air and intensive fire influence, which is 13 Aviation strikes and more than 900 shelling of the RSSU, artillery and mortars of Nazupyansk, Lyman and Siverskyi directions, identified the borders of the defense gardens," - said Mykola Urshalovich.
Colonel Mykola Urshalovich also spoke about the successes of the NSU in defense actions. So, in the Bakhmut direction, the Guards intelligence and scrutiny calculations of the UAV27th Brigade continued to destroy enemy equipment together with its crews and flavors with a municipal.
According to him, in the Melitopol direction during the week of the divisional Guard, together with other components of defense forces, continued the complementary actions. Also, the identified units carried out fortifications of the reached boundaries and carried out intelligence and demining in strips of further tasks.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/v-odnomu-boyu-naczgvardijczi-znyshhyly-do-30-okupantiv-i-zahopyly-polonenogo-mykola-urshalovych/ 
Ukraine has received over UAH 700 million for mine partners - Sergey Reva - 
Author: ['Яна Задубінна']
Time: 2023-06-22T42:00:00-04:00
Description: Head of the Viddil organized by the Humanitarian Rosinovannya of the DSNS Ukrainian Colonel ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 33-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'ДСНС', 'РОЗМІНУВАННЯ', 'СЕРГІЙ РЕВА']
Category: News
 Demand. Illustrative photo
The head of the organization of work on humanitarian demining of the SES of Ukraine, a police officer of the Civil Protection Service Sergey Reva during a briefing of representatives of safety and defense of Ukraine in Military Media Center spoke about supporting the SESS Supports by international organizations.
“By this time, we are cooperating with more than 30 international organizations and funds, which are donors of the world: USA, Canada, Germany, Great Britain, Estonia, Poland. We received international assistance for over 700 million hryvnias, including 11 mechanized miners, more than 160 pickups for the transportation of personnel and equipment, more than 600metas. This equipment is already working in priority areas TAVOCKING TASKS FOR MINOR. For example, more than 90 hectares of territories of Ukraine have already been cleared with GDP, ”Sergey Reva stressed.
However, the speaker noted that the demining is now complicated through the permanent -execution by the Russian Federation, in particular the territories that have already been purified, and the high -resistant mine with the use of non -standard methods. It also enemies mining systems, prohibited by international conventions, insmobic disguised devices, decorates them with elements of failure.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ukrayina-otrymala-ponad-700-miljoniv-gryven-na-rozminuvannya-vid-inozemnyh-partneriv-sergij-reva/ 
There are 14 evacuation points of the SES - Alexander Khorunzhi in Kherson region 
Author: ['Микола Блонар']
Time: 2023-06-22T44:00:00-04:00
Description: At the site of the post "Kherson" at the DNIPRII, the postup of the Zniznnya Rivnya Derli. Nasy ї ... war with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' dsns-kahovka-golovna.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'ОЛЕКСАНДР ХОРУНЖИЙ']
Category: News
 In the creation of the post "Kherson" in the Dnieper there is a gradual decrease in the level. Currently, its level exceeds 14 centimeters. It should be added that the peak water level on June 6-7 was more than 5 meters. The hydrologue has the physical ability to measure the water level on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station. It is during briefing VMILITARY MEDIA CENTER was informed by a spokesman for the State Service of Ukraine for extraordinary situations Alexander Khorunzh.
At the same time, three settlements remain flooded - 214 houses to the right bank of the Dnieper River and 17 settlements at the temporarily occupied territory of Ukraine. In total in the Kherson region, 2783 people were evacuated, 309 children, 80 low -mobility and almost 300 animals.
Also, during the elimination of the consequences of flooding of settlements, Russian troops furnish civilians and rescuers.
-During the emergency rescue work, one employee of the SES of Ukraine and 10 rescuers were injured,-summarized the speaker.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/na-hersonshhyni-praczyuye-14-evakuaczijnyh-punktiv-dsns-oleksandr-horuzhnyj/ 
During the large-scale invasion of the Russian Federation Cert-UA, more than 3000 cyberattacks-Vladimir Kondrashov worked out 
Author: ['Віктор Шубец']
Time: 2023-06-22T46:00:00-04:00
Description: The cigarette case of a large -scale invoice of the URIRO RAREVANNIA team ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine will be either in 2022 No, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' kiberatakyjpg.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'ВОЛОДИМИР КОНДРАШОВ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'КІБЕРАТАКИ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
In general, since the beginning of a large-scale invasion of the government team of response, Cert-UA emergencies have recorded more than 3,000 cyber-attacks and cyberincyders in manual regime.
This was reported by a spokesman for the State Service of Special Communications and Protection of Ukraine Volodymyr Kondrashov during a briefing at Military Mediacenter.
He added that most Russian hackers are hackers "in shoulder straps" who are interpreted by the so -called armed formations of Russian federation or groups under the full control of the Special Service Federation.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/za-chas-shyrokomasshtabnogo-vtorgnennya-rf-cert-ua-opraczyuvala-ponad-3000-kiberatak-volodymyr-kondrashov/ 
Ukraine is doing everything possible to bring all ours back: both prisoners of war and civilian hostages - coordination 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T48:00:00-04:00
Description: For the INICIATITITITITS OF THE ORGANICOSICA “turned the Dodom” by the coordinating headquarters ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last ones for Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo1687426856.jpeg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'КООРДИНАЦІЙНИЙ ШТАБ']
Category: News
 At the initiative of the NGO "Returning Home", a meeting with the families of civilians, which was captured by the enemy by February 24, 20122, took place on the coordination school.
About it reports Coordinating headquarters of inquiries for the treatment of prisoners of war.
The questions of the relatives were answered by the secretary of the coordination headquarters Dmitry Usov, the secretary of the working group on interaction with the media and relatives of the defenders Bogdanohrimenko, the head of the department of support and counseling of relatives of the defenders Yurtalaniuk and the representative of the Office of the Verkhovna Rada of Human Rights.
"Everywhere you go, including in the President's office, you are heard," Dmitry Usov confused. - No request has passed attention. We are free to get everyone back. There is a procedural side: we advise the families of Jaudovitors' lawyers who take care of hostages. Our work here has an advisory character. The second direction is negotiations. It does not matter to us, according to which our hostages are judged and whether there will be a review of the case for Russian laws in the occupied territories of Luhansk and Donetsk region. We focus on what we need to do to pick up our people. We will offer variants. Will we hear that side - time will tell. "
The Coordination Secretary also stressed that on our part, they regularly form about our civilians: “We are ready to give whom they ask. But on the side of the aggressor country, they rarely go out with some initiative. "
At the meeting, they once again noted that Ukraine is doing everything possible to restore all our: both prisoners of war and civilian hostages.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ukrayina-robyt-use-mozhlyve-shhoby-povernuty-vsih-nashyh-yak-vijskovopolonenyh-tak-i-czyvilnyh-zaruchnykiv-koordshtab/ 
SBU's military counterintelligence in less than a week destroyed 21 units of enemy equipment 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T49:00:00-04:00
Description: About the CTI PRODIMELY PROSSIALS of the SBU. “Our concrete of the Ukrainian has been specified ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine will or not will be or not , Will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' sbu.jpg ']
Tags: ['СБУ']
Category: News
 About it reports SBU press service.
“Our specifics in the counter-offensive release the Ukrainian land side by side with the Armed Forces. Thanks to the jewelry work of shock drones, a list of losses of Russians has been replenished:
We work further to the full victory!”, - the message reads.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/vijskovi-kontrrozvidnyky-sbu-mensh-nizh-za-tyzhden-znyshhyly-21-odynyczyu-vorozhoyi-tehniky/ 
Dmytro Kuleba spent the first meeting with the new Turkish Foreign Ministry 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T4:00:00-04:00
Description: Minist of the law enforcement reports of Ukraine Dmitro Kuleba Proviv with Londoni Pershu Zustych with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 630_360_1687370794-105.jpg ']
Tags: ['ДМИТРО КУЛЕБА', 'МЗС', 'МЗС ТУРЕЧЧИНИ']
Category: News
 Foreign Minister of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba held the first meeting in London with a new Turkish colleague Hakan Fidan.
About it reported The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine on Telegram.
"The Ministry of Foreign Affairs discussed the development of cooperation between Ukraine and Turkey, the continuation of the Black Sea Grain Initiative and the expansion of global support for formular," - said in the post.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/dmytro-kuleba-proviv-pershu-zustrich-z-novym-glavoyu-mzs-turechchyny/ 
Revenues from arrested Russian assets will be transferred to Ukraine's reconstruction - Shurma 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T4:15:57+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:15:57+03:00
Description: Revenues from arrested Russian assets will be transferred to Ukraine's rebuilding, and our country will receive from the EU 50 billion euros for the next 4 years. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Лондон', 'Офіс Президента', 'Відновлення України']
Type: Article
 The revenues of the reached Russian assets will be transferred to Ukraine's reconstruction, and our state will receive from the EU 50 billion euros for the next 4 years.
These and other results of the International Conference on Restoration of Ukraine reported on Facebook The deputy head of the Presidential Office Rostislav Shurma, Ukrinform reports.
"In London, the International Conference on Recovery of Ukraine has ended(URC 2023). Які основні її результати: озвучені довгострокові фінансовігарантії підтримки України. Тільки з боку ЄС це 50 млрд євро на найближчі 4роки; перший значний міжнародний прецедент в частині монетизації арештованихактивів рф — доходи від заморожених активів (percent)Transfer to the outstand. We work on monetization of the main amount. It will be interesting soon, "he wrote.
Read also: Ukraine expects that the States and Canada will be the first to pass confidential assets of the Russian Federation - Shmigal In addition, he said, officially announced the launch of the Ukrainian Development Foundation(Ukrainian Development Fund), which is created using Blackrock, JP Morgan and McKinsey. There are already the first contradictors both state and private.
Also, the first organized playground on Green Steel is one of the largest promisery clusters with the involvement of most possible participants in this process: Fortescue, Primemetals, Posco, Voestalpine, ArcelorMittal, EBRD, Citibank, Rothschild, Rothschild, Rothschild.
The deputy head of the Presidential Office noted that for the first time since the beginning of the war, there was a significant amount of international business in the conference: AECOM, FMG, CRH, Shell, BP, Hyundai, Cameco.
Read also: investments in Ukraine's reconstruction - government representatives of the international community Instead, he noted, there is no readiness to invest in Ukraine, and, in his opinion, it is not easy to achieve this.
As reported, the International Conference of Ukraine was held in London on June 21-22 in London(Ukraine Recovery Conference).
Фото: Ростислав Шурма, Фейсбук
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726532-dohodi-vid-arestovanih-rosijskih-aktiviv-peredavatimut-na-vidbudovu-ukraini-surma.html 
Hacker letters with pseudones: In the State Secret ’ Language told about the spy campaign by the Russian General Staff 
Author: ['Віктор Шубец']
Time: 2023-06-22T50:00:00-04:00
Description: Tizho Tizhnya Urovayu team Cert-UA AND THE KIBERZAGROZA with Khakardi ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo_2023-06-22_11-51-53.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВОЛОДИМИР КОНДРАШОВ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ХАКЕРИ']
Category: News
 This week, the government team Cert-UA reported a cyber threat by the Hacker group of APT 28, also known as Pawn Storm, Fancy Bear.
This was reported by a spokesman for the State Service of Special Communication and Protection of Ukraine Volodymyr Kondrashov during a briefing at Military Mediacenter.
The activities of this Russian hacker group are linked to the Main Department of the General Staff of the Russian Federation.
He specified that the letters were sent to the addresses of more than 40 Ukrainian organizations.
“We were able to localize this threat, in particular, thanks to the operational exchange of information with the international company Recorded Future, - summarized the spokesman.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/hakerski-lysty-z-psevdonovynamy-u-derzhspeczzvyazku-rozpovily-pro-shpygunsku-kampaniyu-z-boku-rosijskogo-genshtabu/ 
The Center for Combating Misinformation reports fakes that Russians spread last day 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T51:00:00-04:00
Description: The Center for the Wizin -Format at RNBO Ukrainian Viyavlya: “The entire Kyivska ... war with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last ones today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 355479312_277222411493498_63665007607091244_n.jpg ']
Tags: []
Category: News
 The Center for Combating Misinformation in NSPO of Ukraine identifies :
Misinformation 
“The whole Kiev top speaks Russian. Everyone knows it. And the whole nationalist pathos is only because they did not have another ideology for the political process. They initially tried to build new Ukrainian on the basis of nationalism, and fell into the Nazi peak, ”the Foreign Ministry of the Russian Federation of Zakharova.
Manipulation 
"Russia will continue to develop its nuclear triad," said Russian President V. Putin. He also added that most of the strategic missile missile troops went to the Yars complex, and in the near future the Sarmat systems will be supplied to combat.
fake 
"The Ukrainian military specifically break the equipment to not participate in the poor," says Polish officer Petro Pavelko.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi-povidomlyaye-pro-fejky-yaki-rosiyany-poshyryuvaly-mynuloyi-doby-2/ 
During the week the NSU Operation Units neutralized 210 invaders 
Author: ['Сергій Лемеха']
Time: 2023-06-22T52:00:00-04:00
Description: The intercessor of the Director Department of the Planwannia of the Head Management ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not , Will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 1-71.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'БРИФІНГ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'МИКОЛА УРШАЛОВИЧ']
Category: News
 Colonel Mykola Urshalovich, Deputy Director of Planning of the Use of the Main Management Guard of Ukraine, said during a briefing of the VMILITARY Media Center reported that the units of the operational designation of the National Guard confirmed the disposal of 210 invaders.
"The units of operational purpose confirmed the disposal of 210 invaders, more than 60 - forever, destroyed 2 tanks, 1 fighting armored and 1 car vehicles," he said.
He also noted the active work of scouts to destroy the invaders: they have given 342 targets, and some of them, in cooperation with the units of armed force, were destroyed.
"Our special forces work quite efficiently, who destroyed about 30 invaders, a hostile tank, a gun, an anti-tank gun MT-12 in the Liman Tadononets.
According to him, during the week also qualitatively worked aerial intelligence groups of the 27-Ipechersk brigade in Lymansky, Donetsk and Melitopol directions, which during the week found and destroyed 10 tanks, 3 SAUs, 30 combat armored vehicles and 10 units of automotive equipment.
“The artillerymen of the National Guard during the fire support of the Siloboron units that defended themselves in the Liman and the offensive actions of the kidopol directions, were disposed of about 140 enemy people, of which 44 are irreversible. In addition, the crew of BPAC with an external pilot, two -ammunition, one car and two armor for the shelter of the personnel warehouse, ”Mykola Urshalovich said.
Opto press service of the National Guard of Ukraine 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/protyagom-tyzhnya-pidrozdily-operpryznachennya-ngu-zneshkodyly-210-okupantiv/ 
Aviation of the Armed Forces of Ukraine per day struck 18 beats in areas 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T53:00:00-04:00
Description: About the General Headquarters of the ZS Ukrainian. “Avіaatsіya defense forces for Persian Dob ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia, and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not , Will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' aviacziya-syl-oborony-ukrayiny.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗС УКРАЇНИ', 'ГШ ЗСУ']
Category: News
 Illustrative Photo 🔥 Situation on Russian Completion 
About it reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
"Aviation of defense forces over the past 24 hours has struck 12 strokes in the areas of concentration of the personal composition of the enemy and 6-on the anti-aircraft missile complexes of the enemy. Also, our defenders have destroyed the Russian shock helicopter Mi-24 and 7 intelligence UAVs," the statement said.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/aviacziya-zsu-za-dobu-zavdala-18-udariv-po-rajonah-skupchennya-voroga/ 
Detained Russian informant who "hunted" on Bradley and Leopard 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T54:00:00-04:00
Description: The Mikolavi Vikrika Shchels of one INFORMATOR of the head management of the General Staff of the RF ZS (Bilsh ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 77bfd56623c99811ad902411ac1a50ea-e1687419000474.jpeg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'СБУ']
Category: News
 In Nikolaev another informant of the Main Directorate of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation(better known as a game), which passed on to the occupiers of the place of base and converting forces of defense in the territory of the regional center. He faces up to 12 years of prison.
About it informs Security Service of Ukraine.
First of all, Russian military intelligence was interested in locations of ammunition warehouses with the immigrants of the movement of heavy armored vehicles of the Armed Forces, including Leopard tanks and Bradley infantry.
The attacker also corrected Russian air strikes around the city. It was at his consignment that the Rashists fired at the Nikolaev shipyard. Then 6 civilians were injured in the enemy attack and their homes were damaged.
The SBU counterintelligence delayed a hostile associate during the collection of new data on the deployment of defense forces in the city.
According to the investigation, a local resident was the person who was remotely involved in tight cooperation at the beginning of this year. In order to collect information, the attacker went to the terrain and recorded "necessary" information or "in the dark" use of his acquaintances.
Currently, the person has reported suspicion of two articles of the Criminal Code of Ukraine. The attacker is in custody.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/zatrymano-rosijskogo-informatora-yakyj-polyuvav-na-bradley-ta-leopard/ 
The Defense Ministry has started entering the first food supply contracts for the new procedure 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T55:00:00-04:00
Description: The Mini Construction of Ukraine’s defense for the results of the conducts through the Prozorro Torgiv system ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' harchuvannya-vijskovosluzhbovtsiv-72-brygady-za-novoyu-systemoyu-2-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['МІНІСТЕРСТВО ОБОРОНИ УКРАЇНИ', 'ПРОДУКТИ ХАРЧУВАННЯ ДЛЯ ЗCУ']
Category: News
 As of June 21, the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine concluded the first three contracts with the winner of food supply to the Armed Forces of Ukraine through the ProZorrotrotor system.
In total, 19 winners of 22 have been identified. On 16 the winners of the competition ** are currently preparation of contracts for their signing, with the winners of the Deposit Contest on the Ministry's account, as required by tender documentation.
Three more procedures from the total 22 were rejected by all participants in connection with the inconsistency of their price proposals with the conditions of the announcement. Repeated bidding - this information is highlighted in Prozorro( The procedures for the deadline for submission of documents 22.06.2023, by the third - until 27.06.2023 ).
Зазначимо, що у повторних процедурах закупівлі так само беруть участь всібажаючі, а не лише діючі учасники. Тому Міноборони з метою розширення колапотенційних учасників та зниження ціни на аукціоні просить долучатись всіх,хто має бажання і спроможності.
Також триває низка судових процесів, на яких розглядаються позови окремихучасників торгів. Зміст позовних заяв різний, але здебільшого їх суть полягаєу претензіях до роботи Колегіального органу Міністерства оборони України зпитань оборонних закупівель.
При цьому, з метою максимального громадського контролю за процесом закупівельта задля дотримання принципів транспарентност Міністерство оборони ввело доскладу Колегіального органу з питань оборонних закупівель представникаГромадської Антикорупційної Ради при Міноборони.
— Наголошу, всі процеси відбуваються максимально відкрито. Ми активноспівпрацюємо з громадськістю, за що вдячний, зокрема Антикорупційній Раді, танезважаючи на всі ці труднощі, закупівлі тривають, договори підписуються, всевідбувається з дотриманням всіх процедур і термінів, визначених законом «Пропублічні закупівлі». Жодних затягувань немає. Військо є і буде повністюзабезпечене — це наше ключове завдання, — прокоментував заступник Міністраоборони України Денис Шарапов.
Джерело: Міністерство оборониУкраїни 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/minoborony-pochalo-ukladaty-pershi-dogovory-na-postachannya-produktiv-harchuvannya-dlya-zcu-za-novoyu-proczeduroyu/ 
As a result of the shelling of Russian Ukraine, a civilian was killed and 14 were injured 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T56:00:00-04:00
Description: The last passes of the Rosiyski Vіsyska fired the Terito of 10 regions of Ukraine about ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 18a657b2-8aa4-49e7-b6da-a09f2da0b70c.jpg ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ОБСТРІЛИ ІНФРАСТРУКТУРИ']
Category: News
 During the last day, Russian troops fired the territory of 10 regions of Ukraine
About it reports Military Mediacenter.
"From different types of weapons - mortars, tanks, artillery, RSZV, UAV, strategic and tactical aviation - 169 settlements and 142 objects of infrastructure were attacked," the statement reads.
According to preliminary information, a civilian was killed and 14 injured.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/vnaslidok-obstriliv-rosarmiyeyu-ukrayiny-zagynulo-czyvilna-osoba-ta-14-poraneno/ 
In Ukraine a moment of silence 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T57:00:00-04:00
Description: Zgіdnu by decree of the president of Ukraine Volodimir Zelensky No. 143/2022, Khvilina Movchannya ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last ones for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' candle.gif ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'УКАЗ ПРЕЗИДЕНТА УКРАЇНИ', 'ХВИЛИНА МОВЧАННЯ']
Category: News
 According to with the decree of the President of Ukraine Volodymyrazellensky No. 143/2022, a minute of silence is spent daily at 9:00, it is beyond the media.
“For the purpose of honoring light memory, civic courage and dedication, strength of spirit, stability and heroic feat of warriors who died in the performance of flew tasks for the protection of state sovereignty and territorial compatibility To initiate a day at 9 o'clock 00 minutes of a nationwide minute of silence to the songs, who were killed as a result of armed aggression of the Russian Federation in the contrary of Ukraine, which to declare in all media, regardless of ownership, ”the document reads.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/ 
The EU has provided to Ukraine another 1.5 billion euros of macro -financial assistance 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T58:00:00-04:00
Description: Єvropysky union visible the Ukrainian one tranche at the pinkir of 1.5 mialard єvro in the intergeses ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, news war with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when. The war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' ursuly-fon-der-lyayen.jpg ']
Tags: ['ЄВРОСОЮЗ', 'МАКРОФІНАНСОВА ДОПОМОГА', 'УРСУЛА ФОН ДЕР ЛЯЄН']
Category: News
 The European Union has allocated to Ukraine another tranche of € 1.5 billion in macro -financial assistance program for 18 billion euros.
About it reported EU President Ursula von der Lyen on Twitter.
“Today we pay another € 1.5 billion for Ukraine macro -financial assistance. We help maintain Ukraine's services and infrastructure for this bold struggle for freedom. There will be more. We proposed continuous financial support by 2027. We work for the long run, ”she is in her post.
Earlier Ursula von der Liaien reported that the EU will allocate a financial package of up to 1.5 billion euros on a monthly basis, or a non -18 billion euros in an annual dimension, which will largely contribute to the coverage of Ukraine's need for financing for 2023.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/yes-nadav-ukrayini-shhe-15-milyarda-yevro-makrofinansovoyi-dopomogy/ 
Ukrainian pyrotechnics per day neutralized 363 explosive objects 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T59:00:00-04:00
Description: The long -term service of the Kirotrozhyniy of the Utzvychi Situstovsiy, the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 The last ones today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 626bf4da61ec9-1-1.jpeg ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ДСНС УКРАЇНИ', 'РОЗМІНУВАННЯ']
Category: News
 During the day, pyrotechnic units of the State Service of Ukraine for Extraordinary Situation 152 times were involved in the execution of mine tasks.
About it reports SESU of Ukraine.
Pyrotechnical units revealed, seized and disposed of 363 exclusive objects , surveyed with an area of 74.55 hectares.
Most often pyrotechnic units worked: in the Kharkiv region 19 520 times, Kyiv region - 8 492, Donetsk region - 6 209, Mykolaiv region - 5 226, Kherson region - 5 737, Chernihiv region - 4 734, Sumy - 2 219, Cherkasy region - 1 121.
Reference: In total since the beginning of a large -scale military invasion of the Russian Federation, the territory of Ukraine has been disposed of 403 551 extinguishing object and 2 891 kg of explosive substance, including 3 001 Aviation bomb . The territory of more than 90 417 hectares was surveyed.
We would like to remind you if you find suspicious objects similar to wreckage from rockets or rockets, in no case touch your finds yourself and do not allow it to be tired. And:
Immediately report the finding of the SES units - 101 or police - 102. Report experts and indicate the location of the suspicious name.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ukrayinski-pirotehniky-za-dobu-zneshkodyly-363-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmety/ 
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: The Government plans to publish the World Bank report on the losses caused by Russia 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T5:23:04+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:23:04+03:00
Description: The Government of Ukraine will be published in the near future report by the World Bank on the losses caused by Russia from the blast of Kakhovka hydroelectric power station. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16864... ']
Tags: ['Каховська ГЕС', 'Шмигаль', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 The Ukrainian government will publish the World Bank report in the near future on losses caused by the Rosie from the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station.
The Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal said this in an interview with TV channelinter, which was broadcast on the broadcasting of the TV.
"This is a completely resonant terrorist act on the part of Russia, which has been shaken by the world. We will publish the World Bank's report in the coming days in the coming days on the amount of losses from Kakhovka hydroelectric power plants. It is billions of dollars," - said Shmigal.
Read also: Ukraine expects that the States and Canada will be the first to convey confirmed assets of the Russian Federation - Shmigal He expressed his belief that Russia would pay for all these destruction.
As reported by Ukrinform, On June 6, the Russian army undermined the Greblyukakhov hydroelectric power station .
In fact, law enforcement officers began investigations into an article on ecocide.
Read also: Russians have sent 18 billion cubic meters of controlled water - the head of the Kherson Ova Ukrhydroenergo stated that the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station is completely destroyed and recoverable.
The Minister of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources of Ukraine Ruslan Rifle reported that Ukraine's losses suffered by Kakhovskaya HPPs are about $ 1.5 billion, but this is not the final amount.
According to the Ministry of Agrarian Policy and Food, the State Menum of Reclamation Systems and Channels caused UAH 150-160-160 billion in losses.
Read also: damage from Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station can reach hundreds of hryvnias - minister In Kherson region, as of the morning of June 22, 20 inhabited pads remain flooded - 3 on the Right Bank and 17 - on the Left Bank.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726533-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-urad-planue-opublikuvati-zvit-svitovogo-banku-sodo-zbitkiv-zavdanih-rosieu.html 
Estonia has approved a new package of military assistance to Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T60:00:00-04:00
Description: Estonska Republika Vidila Chergovy Package of Vіskovo Dopomi Ukrainian. About the work ... war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the war with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 0-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВІЙСЬКОВА ДОПОМОГА УКРАЇНІ', 'ЕСТОНІЯ', 'МО ЕСТОНІЯ', 'ПІДТРИМКА УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 The Republic of Estonian identifies another military assistance package to Ukraine.
About it reports Estonia's Ministry of Defense on Twitter.
Estonia noted that the Ukrainian Army will transfer the military hospital of Assumption with Ireland.
The help package also includes:
The Estonian Ministry of Defense emphasizes that it will continue to support Ukraine in order to stop Russian aggression.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/estoniya-shvalyla-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-ukrayini/ 
The President of Ukraine has invited the organization of US states to realize the formula of peace 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T61:00:00-04:00
Description: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky at the animal to the organized American powers ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 4bdd1a5efc875a172cd68faa6619fea3_1687416105_extra_large.jpeg ']
Tags: ['ВОЛОДИМИР ЗЕЛЕНСЬКИЙ', 'ОРГАНІЗАЦІЯ АМЕРИКАНСЬКИХ ДЕРЖАВ', 'ПРЕЗИДЕНТ УКРАЇНИ', 'ФОРМУЛА МИРУ']
Category: News
 In an appeal to the organization of American states, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy suggested working together on the implementation of the formular, which he proposed last year. In addition, the President is invited to prepare the Global Peace Summit, which will determine which state with what point in the formula will help.
About it reports Office of the President of Ukraine.
“The world that does not dominate violence is our common goal, all the leaders of the wealth that really appreciate human life. The world in which the UN Statute is truly respected by all - from the smallest to the largest states. A world in which new frozen conflicts emerge, but also in which the majority of nations realizes that any war is a common world challenge, it is a threat, not the suffering of the only one against whom this aggression is, ”the Glavs said.
In a speech, he stressed that Russia has brought war to the territory of Ukraine, Russian missiles and artillery burn Ukrainian cities and villages, Russian ecocids destroy the nature of the country.
“So Ukrainians are best aware of what to do to return. But in order to return peace, we need collective effort. And of course, in particular your support, your leadership. I invite you to work with us and all the free nations of the world over the implementation of peace. I invite you to get involved in the preparation of the global peace summit. We must become a global community in the full sense of the word so that the peace for the right nation is guaranteed to full power, ”said Volodymyr Zelenskyy.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/prezydent-ukrayiny-zaprosyv-organizacziyu-amerykanskyh-derzhav-do-realizacziyi-formuly-myru/ 
Dmitry Kuleb during a conversation with Jens Stoltenberg: Ukraine is an asset for NATO and will make it stronger 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T62:00:00-04:00
Description: Minist of the law enforcement reports of Ukraine Dmitro Kuleb Proviv Rozmov with general secretary ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' a9d2a5fc048a1cc18eca9d33b023c762-1.webp ']
Tags: ['ВСТУП УКРАЇНИ ДО НАТО', 'ДМИТРО КУЛЕБА', 'ЄНС СТОЛТЕНБЕРГ', 'МЗС', 'НАТО']
Category: News
 Foreign Minister of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba had a conversation with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg.
The head of Ukrainian diplomacy [wrote] about it(https://twitter.com/DmytroKuleba/status/1671847463865446400?cxt=HHwWgMCzpaOazLMuAAAA)In his Twitter.
“We are working closely with the Secretary General and NATO's capitals to make NATO's Summit in Vilnius successful. We have fully focused on the possible content of NATO on the prospect of Ukraine's membership, ”his post reads.
Dmytro Kuleba assured that Ukraine is an asset for NATO and will make it more powerful.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/dmytro-kuleba-pid-chas-rozmovy-z-yensom-stoltenbergom-ukrayina-ye-aktyvom-dlya-nato-i-zrobyt-jogo-sylnishym/ 
Briefing of representatives of the Safety and Defense Forces of Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T63:00:00-04:00
Description: War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future that that They say that the war with Ukraine, Ukraine news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: []
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'БРИФІНГ', 'СИЛИ БЕЗПЕКИ ТА ОБОРОНИ УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/bryfing-predstavnykiv-syl-bezpeky-ta-oborony-ukrayiny-10/ 
Drone Army: Manufacturers of 40 Ukrainian drones received state contracts 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T64:00:00-04:00
Description: 40 Ukrainian Bezpіlotnitnikovs passed the introduction procedure in executive, the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia, and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 630_360_1657127572-729.jpg ']
Tags: ['АРМІЯ ДРОНІВ', 'КОНТРАКТ', 'МІНЦИФРИ']
Category: News
 40 Ukrainian drones have undergone a procedure for commissioning and already have state contracts. A year ago, there were only 7 such drones.
About it reported Viceremier-Minister of Ukraine Zinnovations, Development of Education, Science and Technology-Minister of Digital Transformation of Ukraine Mykhailo Fedorov during a meeting with Ukrainian producers.
“It is right now that thousands of FPV-pings are needed, because they are fast, accurate, maneuverable and destroy a lot of Russian equipment. We have a budget for the purchase of UAVs, but not every Ukrainian company is ready to produce so many drones. One of the main reasons - companies did not pass all the steps for operation due to the complexity of the process, ”the minister said.
He noted that the government removed almost all the blockers, introduced Fast-Track for UAVs, created special areas for pilot training and drone testing, eliminated bureaucracy, simplified its admission and more.
In addition, the minister reported that the Drone Army team will constantly advise manufacturers for documents, helps organize testing at the landfill, etc. Therefore, it is not necessary for Ukrainian developers to worry about the passage of all procedures.
“We are always ready to help you get contracts and scale production faster. I am sure, together we will make a revolution in the development of FPV-digters. Ahead of work before, ”said Mikhail Fedorov.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/armiya-droniv-vyrobnyky-40-ukrayinskyh-bezpilotnykiv-otrymaly-derzhavni-kontrakty/ 
In the Black Sea, Russia brought out a rocket carrier without "calibers" 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T65:00:00-04:00
Description: The village on the wounds of 22 worms on the Boyal Cherguvanniy near the Chorny Moril is panty ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war, war With Ukraine in 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' chorne-more.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВМС ЗС УКРАЇНИ', 'КАЛІБРИ', 'ЧОРНЕ МОРЕ']
Category: News
 As of the morning of June 22, the Five Ships remain in the Black Sea, including one rocket carrier without calibers.
About it reports The press service of the Navy of the Armed Forces.
It is also noted that there is one hostile in the Azov Sea. In the Mediterranean, there are up to eight -derived ships on combat duty, including one carriage carriage missile "Caliber", a total gap of up to 16 rockets.
During the day in the interests of the Russian Federation the passage of the Kerch-Yenikhal Strait made:
The Russian Federation continues to violate the International Convention on the Protection of Human Life at the Sea of 1974.(SOLAS)by turning off automatic identification systems(AIS), on civil vessels in the Azov Sea.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/u-chorne-more-rosiya-vyvela-raketonosij-bez-kalibriv/ 
A decrease in water level reached almost a meter mark 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T66:00:00-04:00
Description: Ryven Vertupovovo is the time of the Razrazi on the subject of 0.14 m (the final one is finished ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 last today, whether there will be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when , The war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 20230606120220-5688.jpeg ']
Tags: ['КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС']
Category: News
 Water level is gradually reduced and is currently at 0.14 m(At the beginning of a day the level decreased by 3 cm).
Про це повідомляє Headquarters for the elimination of consequences of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station.
Subluned remain 3 settlements(86 houses)On the right birchride Dnipro. On the temporarily occupied - 17 settlements.
As noted in the message, from the beginning of the work on lines 101 and 112 received 2 thousand. 87 citizens' appeals. Since the beginning of the day, SES rescuers pumped 15 tons of 5 cellars and houses. From the beginning of the work - more than 195 thousand tons of 704 buildings and basements. 13 tons of water for citizens have been brought, and from the beginning of the work after 588 tons of water.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/znyzhennya-rivnya-vody-dosyaglo-majzhe-metrovoyi-poznachky/ 
SES units are neutralizing almost 500 explosive items daily - Sergey Reva 
Author: ['Яна Задубінна']
Time: 2023-06-22T67:00:00-04:00
Description: Head of the Viddil organized by the Humanitarian Rosinovannya of the DSNS Ukrainian Colonel ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' miny-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'ДСНС', 'МІНИ', 'СЕРГІЙ РЕВА']
Category: News
 The head of the organization of work on humanitarian demining of the SES of Ukraine Sergey Reva police officer during a briefing of representatives of safety and defense of Ukraine at Militation Media Center reported that the SESS units have almost 500 explosive items daily. More than a thousand pyrotechnics and 250 pieces of equipment are attracted daily.
“The main efforts are currently focused on the demining of the deocal territories of Kharkiv, Mykolaiv, Kherson and Donetsk region. The priority areas of change are settlements, access roads, objects of critical tatra transport infrastructure. Since the beginning of a large -scale invasion of pirotechnics, more than 60 thousand trips have been made, which united more than 400 thousand GNP. In general, an area of 900km² was examined and exchanged. Careful inspection is also subject to laps, gases, railway tracks of tadorons, ”the speaker said.
Sergey Reva also stressed that now special attention is paid to the inspection of the underflowing areas due to the terrorist attack of the Russian Federation on the Kakhovsk hydroelectric power station. The adenions of them remains a high probability of finding explosive objects.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/pidrozdily-dsns-shhodenno-zneshkodzhuyut-majzhe-500-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-sergij-reva/ 
Volodymyr Zelensky noted state awards over a hundred military personnel of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T68:00:00-04:00
Description: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky Vidniy of 106 Zakhisnikov sovereigns ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine will be in 2022 Or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' nagorody.jpg ']
Tags: ['УКАЗ ПРЕЗИДЕНТА УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky celebrated 106 defenders of Ukraine state awards, 63 of them posthumously.
This is stated in Decree No. 345/2023 , published by the Presidential Office website.
The awards were awarded "for personal courage, revealed in the protection of state -sevotory and territorial integrity of Ukraine, selfless fulfillment of a military duty."
To award the Order of Bohdan Khmelnitsky II degree 
Lukanyuk Andrei Valeryevich(posthumously)- Major
To award the Order of Bohdan Khmelnitsky III degree 
Voznyuk Andriy Mikhailovich(posthumously)- Senior Lieutenant
Kuchinsky Dmitry Nikolaevich(posthumously)- Lieutenant Colonel
Denisa's squeeze(posthumously)- Junior Lieutenant
Oleg Pavlovich's Podlivakhina - Lieutenant Colonel
Shklyaruk Yuri Igorovich(posthumously)- Captain
reward the Order " for courage " II degree **
Roman Viktorovich Borovik(posthumously)-headquarters
Magrovets Alexander Maryanovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Oleg Igorovich Markovich(posthumously)- Junior Sergeant
Furman Sergiy Stanislavovich(posthumously)- Soldier
reward the Order " for courage " III degree **
Babia Roman Dmitrovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Badza Vladimir Romanovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Belov Andrei Pavlovich(posthumously)- Junior Sergeant
Bilyk Maxim Mikhailovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Bondar Artem Alexandrovich - soldier
Alexei Vasilyevich(posthumously)- Soldier
Butenko Denis Vladimirovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Ivan Petrovich Posyansky(posthumously)- Soldier
Corin Vadim Bogdanovich - Soldier
Taras Oleksandrovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Maxim Alexandrovich Kruka(posthumously)- Junior Sergeant
Maxim Grigorovich's Letika(posthumously)- Soldier
Lyaboh Taras Nikolaevich(posthumously)- Soldier
Magdalyuk Igor Vladimirovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Mazura Viktor Petrovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Melnychuk Vasily Nikolaevich(posthumously)- Senior soldier
Ivan Vasilyevich(posthumously)- Soldier
Mikhalik Nazarii Stanislavovich(posthumously)- Senior soldier
Mits Mikhail Stepanovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Sergey Gennadyevich Minakivsky(posthumously)- Soldier
Mikhayev Andrei Mikhailovich - Soldier
Bridge Pavel Nikolaevich(posthumously)- Soldier
Highlight Sergey Veniaminovich(posthumously)- SergeantNikonchuk Sergey Mikhailovich - Senior Soldier
Vladislav Mikhailovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Oliynychuk Dmitry Vladimirovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Opanasyuk Valentin Nikolaevich(posthumously)- Junior Sergeant
Petrenko Bohdan Valeryevich(posthumously)- Soldier
Vyslotsky Roman Yurievich(posthumously)- Soldier
Oleksandr Vladimirovich Prokhorenko - soldier
Savchyna Sergey Alexandrovich(posthumously)- Senior soldier
Nicholas Nikolai Vasilyevich(posthumously)- Soldier
Softenko Vitaliy Sergeyevich(posthumously)- Soldier
Stasyshyn Taras Pavlovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Strutinsky Roman Stepanovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Sumchenko Yevgeny Andreevich(posthumously)- Soldier
Nazarius Borisovich - Senior Lieutenant
Timchishina Igor Vasilyevich(posthumously)- Junior Sergeant
Topora Roman Sergeyevich(posthumously)- Soldier
Udoda Sergey Yevgenovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Ustinova Denis Andreevich - Senior Lieutenant
Fatuna Bohdan Nikolaevich(posthumously)- Senior soldier
Furman Leonid Ruslanovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Fukova Konstantin Vladimirovich(posthumously)- Senior soldier
Kanashchak Mykola Ivanovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Khomych Vasily Ruslanovich(posthumously)- Senior soldier
Khomich Mikhail Petrovich(posthumously)-headquarters
Anatoly Vasilyevich Tsapkin(posthumously)- Soldier
Chernyavsky Maxim Sergeyevich - Senior Soldier
Chuchman Mikhail Igorovich(posthumously)- Senior Sergeant
Shuliak Roman Mikhailovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Yavorovsky Ivan Yevgenovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Yakimchuk Sergey Viktorovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Sergey Yarenko(posthumously)- Senior soldier
Reward Medal " for military service to Ukraine " **
Antonyuk Alexander Mikhailovich - soldier
Alexander Boychuk - Senior Soldier
Volokh Nicholas Alexandrovich - Major
Grinovich Dmitry Sergeyevich - Major
Gennady Kazmirovich - Senior Sergeant
Oleg Nikolaevich - a soldier
Vitaliy Leonidovich's Kletsa - Senior Soldier
Sergei Kornyshek(posthumously)- Soldier
Kryvyi Vladimir Sergeyevich - junior sergeant
LOZINSKY Sergey Fedorovich - Captain
Nikolaychyk Peter Fedorovich(posthumously)- Junior Sergeant
The Midas of Vyacheslav Viktorovich is a soldier
Nikitiuk Sergey Alexandrovich - Senior Soldier
Sergey Vladimirovich's Rooster - Senior Lieutenant
Polishchuk Igor Vasilyevich - soldierGennady Alexandrovich's rooting - senior lieutenant
Prokopchuk Vitaliy Ivanovich(posthumously)- Soldier
Rakshuna Anatoly Viktorovich-Master-Store
Petr Sergeyevich(posthumously)- Soldier
Ryabokul Maxim Stepanovich - Lieutenant
Samsonova Vladimir Sergeyevich - Sergeant
Vasily Ivanovich Svist - Senior Soldier
Wednesday of Pavel Nikolaevich - Sergeant
Sivokonuk Viktor Vasilyevich(posthumously)- Soldier
Dmitry Yuriyevich, a senior lieutenant
Stack Oleg Vasilyevich(posthumously)- Soldier
Tobacco Peter Mikhailovich - soldier
Yuldashova Oleg Knizhonovich - Senior Lieutenant
reward the medal " Defender of the Fatherland " 
Girich Victor Vladimirovich - Sergeant
Gordienko Seraphim Markovich - sailor
Kalenchuk Vladimir Ivanovich - Senior Sergeant
Dmitry Korkina - sailor
Alexander Ivanovich Leonenko - soldier
Magnushevsky Vitaliy Vladimirovich - Soldier
Alexander Viktorovich - Matros
Poddubny Nikolai Yurievich - soldier
Polozova Maxim Stanislavovich - Soldier
Rasenko Roman Ivanovich - Junior Sergeant
Vladimir Mikhailovich Reva - Senior Sergeant
Chabana Alexander Petrovich is a soldier.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vidznachyv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-ponad-sotnyu-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-zs-ukrayiny/ 
Russian hackers hunt for personal data of Ukrainians - Vladimir Kondrashov 
Author: ['Віктор Шубец']
Time: 2023-06-22T69:00:00-04:00
Description: PID Hour Briffing in the Military Media Center of the Personal Service of Special Starry Ta ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, War With Ukraine in 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo_2023-06-22_11-51-53.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'ВОЛОДИМИР КОНДРАШОВ']
Category: News
 During a briefing at the Military Media Center, a spokesman for the State Service for Special Communications and Information Protection of Ukraine, Volodymyr Kondrashov, said that the tactics of Russian hackers remain with phishing, that is, moving certain data from users.
The spokesman of the State Secretariat added that with the help of phishing Russian special services are to gather all possible information, in their focus - personal.
According to Vladimir Kondrashov, this type of attacks threatens not only the heads of certain enterprises and civil servants, but also ordinary citizens.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/rosijski-hakery-polyuyut-na-personalni-dani-ukrayincziv-volodymyr-kondrashov/ 
During the last day, the Russians have stacked rocket and 44 aviation blows in Ukraine - are dead and injured 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T6:00:00-04:00
Description: About the General Headquarters of the ZS Ukrainian. “The CHOTIRAST VISIMETY RASE ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, there will be a war with Ukraine in 2022, will there be whether there will be, whether there will be a war in 2022, whether there will be or not. The war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' raketnyj-udar.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ']
Category: News
 Photo Illustrative 🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
About it reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
“Four hundred eighty -fourth days of large -scale armed aggression of the Russian Federation against our country began.
Tonight, the Russian Federation struck the next missile and aircraft scaffold for Iranian Shahd UAVs in Ukraine. Information on the consequence of this terrorist attack is currently clarified.
Over the past day, the enemy has struck rocket launchers and 44 aviation strikes, including 6 Iranian shock UAVs. All the "chess" destroyed the defenders. The enemy also carried out 47 shellings of jet systems.
Unfortunately, there are killed and injured among civilians.
The likelihood of rocket and aviation strikes throughout Ukraine is high, ”the message reads.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-rosiyany-zavdaly-raketnogo-ta-44-aviaczijnyh-udariv-po-ukrayini-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/ 
Freedoms of submarines found near Titanic - media were found 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T6:32:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:32:00+03:00
Description: While searching for Titan's tourist boat, which was heading to the sunken Titanic, a "Wreck Field" was discovered. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['США', 'Титанік', 'Пошуки']
Type: Article
 During the seal of the Titan tourist boat, which headed to the sunken Titanic, a "Field of Wreck Field" was discovered.
The rescue team expert stated the media that the landing frame of the disappeared submarine was found. As Ukrinform reports, it is about this Sky News .
"The field of debris indicates the disintegration of the underwater apparatus, which indeed indicates that the worst scenario is a catastrophic failure and, as a rule, an explosion," said expert David Mirns, who was familiar with two passengers of the boat.
Read also: on a submarine near Titanic "Oxygen-media ended Mirns received a message that is about the detection of two important parts of the submarine, but its body has not yet been found.
The wreckage was found by a remote controlled apparatus, which used cameras and hydrolocators in passages.
Officials have not yet confirmed the identity of the identified elements of the missing.
Read also: [Rescuers heard sounds underwater when searching submarin and near Titanic]](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725673-ratuvalniki-poculi-zvuki-pid-vodou-pid-cas-posuku-submarini-bila-titanika.html)On board the boat were five passengers: billionaire hamish garding, a pilot of the Pol-Anri Nargole Pilot, Businessman Shahzada Daudud and his son Suleman-founder Oceangate company-owner of the missing boat, and Captain Stocktonrash.
The New York Times writes that the wife of the submarine of the submarine Wendy rashes isidor Strauss and his wife Nai, two richest people who died on board Titanic in 1912.
Wendy Rash, whose maiden name Wendy Hallings Weil, married Stocktonarash in 1986. She has participated in three Oceangate expeditions to Titanic's wreckage over the last two years. She is the Director of Communications at Cholovik and Ancient Member of the Board of the Company Charitable Foundation.
Read also: [oxygen is left for 40 hours: Titanic is already looking for submarine in with tourists].(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725517-kisnu-lisilosa-na-40-godin-bila-titanika-vze-kilka-dniv-sukaut-submarinu-z-turistami.html)
It was reported that on Sunday Submarin, which was used for transportation of tourists to inspect the fragments of the sunken "Titanic", disappeared the missing Ocean.
Photo: Ra
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726535-znajdeni-ulamki-submarini-so-znikla-poblizu-titanika-zmi.html 
An additional UAH 2 billion in the Armed Forces proposes to refer the VRU Budget Committee 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T70:00:00-04:00
Description: Komitet Z Putan to the budget on the Zavidanni 22 worms re -gazing I recommending ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' byudzhet.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВРУ', 'ЗСУ', 'ОБОРОННИЙ БЮДЖЕТ']
Category: News
 On June 22, the Budget Committee on June 22 recommended that the Verkhovna Rada approved in the second reading the project(register. No. 9165 ). В оновленійредакції пропонується переспрямувати 2 млрд грн з цього фонду на підвищенняобороноздатності.
Про це повідомляє Press Service of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine.
“Having considered that the Verkhovna Rada has not yet approved the Bill No. 9165 as a whole due to a large number of amendments, and by the end of the year it remains tightly for the full implementation Development, purchase, modernization and repair of weapons, military equipment, means and equipment, ”said Roksolana Podlas, chairman of the budget committee.
The People's Deputy added that it considers it appropriate to accumulate all possible resources for repeling the armed aggression of the Russian Federation. At the same time, 38.3 billion remains for the needs of rebuilding the consequences of armed aggression.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/dodatkovo-2-mlrd-gryven-na-zsu-proponuye-spryamuvaty-komitet-z-pytan-byudzhetu-vru/ 
RF hackers changed tactics: from destruction to espionage and data theft 
Author: ['Віктор Шубец']
Time: 2023-06-22T71:00:00-04:00
Description: The tactics of Kіbergres were a snaken in the last hour of a large -scale one ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' fishyng-rosijski-hakery.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'ВОЛОДИМИР КОНДРАШОВ', 'КІБЕРАТАКИ', 'ХАКЕРСЬКА АТАКА']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo. State Security
Russia's cybergression tactics have changed throughout the time with a decaying room invasion and meets the overall goals of the Russian army.
This was reported by a spokesman for the State Service of Special Communication and Protection of Ukraine Volodymyr Kondrashov during briefing In Military Media Center.
"At the beginning of a large-scale invasion, we recorded the activity of Russian characters aimed at operations of influence and destruction of critical IT infrastructure. Now we see that the emphasis has changed towards espionage and theft of data," he said.
According to him, our Cert-UA experts who operate in the survey, fix the change in the tactics of Russian hackers. They began to seek opportunities for the so -called cyberattacks through the supply lane.
“They attempt not to penetrate the system that interests them, but to the service supplier, into the partners system and from there they are already trying to get access to the information and communication systems of users who interest them. Ufokus attention of intruders: Telecom-providers, communications, companies that develop software and logistics companies, ”Vladimir Kondrashov summed up.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/hakery-rf-zminyly-taktyku-vid-znyshhennya-do-shpygunstva-i-kradizhky-danyh/ 
The ICCH will not stop working with prisoners of war, for which the "sentences" of Russian courts have already been issued 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T72:00:00-04:00
Description: Ziinitivativ GO “Zhinki Zi Stali” at the coordinating headquarters of the online-Zustrich ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war With Ukraine in 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' koordshtab.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'МКЧХ']
Category: News
 On the initiative of NGO "Women from Steel", an online meeting was held at the coordination headquarters with the association of families(at/h 3057).
Про це повідомляє Coordination headquarters of inquiries for the treatment of prisoners of war.
Representatives of the coordination headquarters, the military unit, the Main Directorate of the National Guard of Ukraine and the International Committee of the Cross took part in the event.
With regard to fake "criminal cases" that have been violated by our defense traffickers, or to which the "sentences" of the aggressor country were issued, the representative of the Staff noted that this is not a barrier to involve them in the exchange processes. As other categories of servicemen entered in the Unified Registration Bureau, they are in the field of view of the coordination headquarters and all possible tools are used for their release. He also added that from enemy captivity it is possible to liberate also the military servicemen who are accounted for as missing, and about which either the state of information or it is absent.
According to a representative of the International Committee of the Red Cross, it is not possible to trace, the letters of relatives to the places of detention, because having received these letters Nib, the ICCH passes them to the Russian side, and then this is already an internal issue of the obligation of the country that holds the prisoners.
"If our representatives have visited someone, then we call the families about it," the ICCH representative assured. - However, we do not disclose information in which we were accessed and where we visited the prisoners of war. "
She added that the ICCH would not stop its work with prisoners of war, the "criminal cases" have been initiated against the Russian courts.
The medical curator of the patronage service spoke about the medical care of the defenders released from captivity. She noted that the duration of treatment and rehabilitation depends on different factors, and in each case there is an individual approach.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/mkchh-ne-zupynyatyme-robotu-z-vijskovopolonenymy-stosovno-yakyh-vzhe-vyneseni-vyroky-rosijskyh-sudiv/ 
Vladimir Kondrashov: Russians combine cyberattacks with information and psychological operations 
Author: ['Віктор Шубец']
Time: 2023-06-22T73:00:00-04:00
Description: Single obstacle for Ukrainian, so called the Tikhi attacks, hidamovy ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 0x0-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВОЛОДИМИР КОНДРАШОВ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ХАКЕРИ']
Category: News
 The so -called quiet attacks, directed espionage, remain a serious threat to Ukraine.
This was emphasized by a spokesman for the State Service of Special Communication and Protection of Ukraine Volodymyr Kondrashov during a briefing at Military Mediacenter.
"One of the groups associated with the external intelligence service of the Russian Federation is the Invisimole chief deals with" quiet attacks. " Their main mixing is high -ranking officials, diplomats and other specialists who have access to the document of sensitive data. "Quiet attacks" are more difficult to detect and they can have more critical consequences, "he said.
Moreover, according to Vladimir Kondrashov, Russian cyber-terrorists, which are related to the power structures, continue to use cyberattacks as components of hybrid war, combining them with information and psychological operations.
“We recorded an information and psychological operation, so to speak, combined, from trying to discredit our Cert-UA team. Thus, the attackers have recently spread false information from the head of the television and radio company of Ukraine, which stated that Cert-UA was unable to protect the information resources of "public". In fact, the chairman of the board did not produce such a statement, ”he summarized.
Cert-UA experts were involved in the process of this incident.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/volodymyr-kondrashov-rosiyany-obyednuyut-kiberataky-z-informaczijno-psyhologichnymy-operacziyamy/ 
Russian troops can apply reserves to keep occupied borders - Military Media Center 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T74:00:00-04:00
Description: Rosiyski Vіsyska, can be fastened reservations for the Utromannikhi Rubezhi - Commentary ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 2785966.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
Russian troops can apply reserves to keep the occupied borders - comment Military Media Center Acting in the eastern and southern operating areas.
The main efforts of the enemy will focus on conducting active defensives in order to reflect the offensive of the Defense Forces of Ukraine.
However, according to available information, occupation troops can also use reserves for counter -strikes in certain areas of the front.
There is a threat to the task of Russian troops of rocket strokes of civil and military infrastructure in the territory of Ukraine.
Following the reports of the Iranian media on the sale of Russian aircraft-35 to this country, Tehran increased the supply of Russian UAVs type "Shahd" and began the transmission of 122 mm and 152 mm artillery shells and 120 mm mortar shells.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/rosijski-vijska-mozhut-zastosuvaty-rezervy-dlya-utrymannya-zajmanyh-rubezhiv-military-media-center/ 
European colleagues promptly assisted to eliminate the consequences 
Author: ['Микола Блонар']
Time: 2023-06-22T75:00:00-04:00
Description: - Ukrainian 20 kvytnia 2023 Rock became a member of the mechanized union of the Union of Civil ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last ones today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 0x0-2.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'КАХОВСЬКОЇ ГЕС', 'ОЛЕКСАНДР ХОРУНЖИЙ']
Category: News
 Oleksandrhounji
This was noted(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFLbmYv_WJc)In Military Mediacenter.
He reported that Ukraine has received a large number of craft, special equipment and equipment.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/yevropejski-kolegy-operatyvno-nadaly-dopomogu-dlya-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-oleksandr-horunzhyj/ 
Commissioners from religious organizations elected the Chairman of the Interfaith Council for Military Chaplaincy 
Author: ['Дмитро Чалий']
Time: 2023-06-22T76:00:00-04:00
Description: Syogodni Vidbulo Pershe Zhidannya Migonfesky for the sake of the sake of Pywan Vіskovykvoy Kaplania ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' golovna-43.jpg ', ' 1-75-150x150.jpg ', ' 2-73-150x150.jpg ', ' 3-58-150x150.jpg ', ' 4-52-150x150.jpg ', ' 5-47-150x150.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВІЙСЬКОВІ КАПЕЛАНИ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 Today the first meeting of the Interfaith Council for Military Caperolyship was held at the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine.
The event was attended by commissioners from religious organizations, clergymen who hold the positions of military chaplains in the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the State Special Special Transport Service of the MOU.
!(Images/AРМІЯINFORM/2023-06-22T76-00-00-04-00/1-75-150x150.jpg) 
 
 It is worth recalling that in the law of Ukraine "On the Service of Military Chaplaincy", military Campillage services were created in the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the State Supreme Socialist Service. After that, the staff of the military chaplainted began with the denominational quotas of the confessional representation.
"For the purpose of providing inter-denominational harmony and understanding in the spherganization of measures to meet the spiritual and religious needs of military servicemen, employees and members of their families, interaction between the management of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine and the Armed Forces Provision of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine.
!(Images/AРМІЯINFORM/2023-06-22T76-00-00-04-00/4-52-150x150.jpg) 
 In addition, during a meeting by authorized from religious organizations, a chairman of the Interfaight Council was elected by an open vote. The most votes chose the Pastor-Capelan of the All-Ukrainian Union of Churchwelian Baptist Christians Vasyl Khich.
He stressed that the first such meeting gave an important start to further improve the work of military chaplains.
Opto author 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/upovnovazheni-vid-religijnyh-organizaczij-obraly-golovu-mizhkonfesijnoyi-rady-z-pytan-vijskovogo-kapelanstva/ 
Guards soldiers destroyed the winged X-101 rocket and UAV Shahd-136 
Author: ['Сергій Лемеха']
Time: 2023-06-22T77:00:00-04:00
Description: PID Hour Briffing at the Military Media Center, the intercessor of the director of the department ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 7-36.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ХРОНІКА ОБОРОНИ']
Category: News
 During a briefing at the Military Media Center, the Deputy Director Administrative planning of the use of the Main Directorate of National Guard Colonel Mykola Urshalovich reported that the NSU Anti-Air Defense Units had identified and destroyed the wing of the X-101 and UAVSHLA SHAHED-136.
“Last week was effective for our air defense units. During the enemy's air attacks, the National Guards "landed" two -air targets, "he said.
Thus, on June 15 in the Kyiv region from Igla-1 MSC-1, the winged rocket X-101 was shot down, and on June 20 in the Nikolaev area the calculation of the ZU-23-2 of the Mobile Fire Group of Detection was destroyed by the UAV Shahd-136.
Mykola Urshalovich also informed that last week the National Guard aircraft made six combat departments for the enemy fire, the urine was destroyed by about 20 invaders, the armor was affected for the personal staffing and mortar.
He also informed that last week the units of unmanned aviation and Kherson directions made 15 departments for the performance of intelligence, with the results of which six tanks, RSZV, 17 -fight armored vehicles, 37 units of automotive equipment and one start -up of uninstalling. The coordinates of the goals were conveyed to the corresponding units for their fire damage.
Opto press service of the National Guard of Ukraine 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/voyiny-gvardijczi-znyshhyly-krylatu-raketu-h-101-ta-bpla-shahed-136/ 
Heavy fighting in Donetsk: More than 20 clashes took place during the day 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T78:00:00-04:00
Description: Opponent I did ZoServilu Zuill at the Limansky, Bakhmutsky, ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 352573146_601909928788756_3426569092669073582_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ', 'ОПЕРАТИВНА ІНФОРМАЦІЯ']
Category: News
 Illustrative Photo 🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
The enemy continues to focus on the Bakhmut, Avdeev and Marinsky directions in the Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariin directions. More than 20 combat clashes were arrived during.
About it on Facebook reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
“In the Avdeevsky direction, the enemy performed unsuccessful offensive actions in the Sivever and Avdiivka. He struck aviation in the areas of Avdiivka of Tanevelsky. He made artillery shelling of areas of settlements, Avdiivka, Karlovka, Pervomaisk and Nevelskoye Donetsk region, ”the message reads.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/na-donechchyni-tryvayut-vazhki-boyi-protyagom-doby-vidbulos-ponad-20-zitknen/ 
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: Almost 95,000 military crimes are documented 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T79:00:00-04:00
Description: OFIC General Prosecutor of Ukrainian, about the documentary of the cries, out of ... war with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 1-72.jpg ', ' 2-70.jpg ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВОЄННІ ЗЛОЧИНИ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ОФІС ГЕНЕРАЛЬНОГО ПРОКУРОРА УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine reports Crimes committed during the period of large -scale aggression of Russian federation against Ukraine.
As of June 22, it is registered:
In addition, according to the official data of juvenile prosecutors, 1518 children were affected by the aggression of the Russian Federation, of which:
The department emphasizes that these figures are not final, since work continues in their installation in places of active fighting, in temporarily occupied tangible territories.
 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-majzhe-95-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv/ 
Everyone who closed his eyes on the occupation 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T7:37:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:37:00+03:00
Description: It takes a complete de-occupation of the Zaporozhye NPP, and anyone who closed their eyes to its occupation by Russia actually contribute to terror. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Звернення', 'Зеленський', 'Запорізька АЕС']
Type: Article
 Full de-occupation of the Zaporizhzhya NPP, and anyone who closed their eyes on its occupation by the Russian occupation actually contribute to terror.
According to Ukrinform, about it in his traditional evening address President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said.
_ Dear Ukrainians, Ukrainians! _
Today was a very busy day.
First, they briefed for partner countries about the situation at the Zaporizhzhya atomic station. There were representatives of the countries of the Great Seven, "Grand Twenty", representatives of international organizations. Here in the office. A available information has been provided from the GUR, from the commissioner, from our diplomats.
Our principle is simple: the world must know what the occupier prepares. Everyone who knows has to act. Of course, after a Russian terrorist attack on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, terrorists on other dams and energy objects of the old one in the world should not have any illusions about Russia. It is Russia that is now the brigal center of cynicism, and from there may be any order for any excellent, which they expect to mask under one or another catastrophe. The world has a complicated power to prevent any radiation incidents and, moreover, a radiation disaster. Everyone understands that intelligence of different countries can give corresponding signals, they can press. This is required.
We will continue to inform partners. Information will also be provided to those countries that have some neutrality even now. Obviously, radiation does not ask, who is unnecessary, and can reach anyone in the world. Accordingly, anyone in the lightisarase can help, and what to do is quite known.
Full de -occupation of the Zaporizhzhya nuclear station is required. And anyone who has fulfilled their eyes on Russia's occupation of such an object, on the mines of Russia, the territory of the structures of the nuclear power plant, in fact contributes not only to this Russian gun, but terror in general. And today I instructed the Minister of Internal Affairs Klimenko Igor to take all necessary measures, all the necessary work with our people on all available risks. And in the near future it will be done.Of course, we also have information about what is happening in the occupied part of the Serson region. To do this, even the word "catastrophe" is not enough. The Russian wicked special groups there to remove and obviously hide the Tilasagid people. And this is not the first time Russia is trying to destroy the evidence of its crimes in the occupied territory. So they did in Mariupol, other places. But this is the truth that you do not hide. And I thank everyone who helps our intelligence, our special services to get the information they need!
He also held a meeting on the spiritual independence of Ukraine - we continue the correspondence, and there will be new steps. Obviously, there can be no spiritual communication with the terrorist state and those who justify the murder, murder of Ukrainians and cover evil. Every day and every night of Russian terror is custom. And we will reach the moment when all the dependence on Russia, which is trying to manipulate somewhere, will be destroyed.
One more.
I want to give especially to all those who, even at that time, even in such circumstances, that our people and our country are small cultural power. Today, the next book Aresenal began in Kyiv. "Arsenal" is the word that best characterizes the meaning of culture. What makes people people. What makes humanity stronger. What protects and spreads through time our experience - everyone and everyone, all of our Ukraine, all our Ukraine, all our Europe, all our humanity. Bellas, if you have the opportunity, visit one of these days Book Arsenal and always support cultural power.
I thank everyone who is fighting and working for Ukraine!I thank everyone who is now in the battles - in the south, in the east, in Zaporozhye, in Donetsk region, in Luhansk region. Thank you!
Thank you all who help Ukraine and protect their lives and humanity with us!
_ Glory to Ukraine! _
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726540-usi-hto-zaplusiv-oci-na-okupaciu-zaes-rosieu-fakticno-spriaut-teroru-zelenskij.html 
Outbreaks of viral diseases are recorded in the temporarily captured territory of Kherson region 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T80:00:00-04:00
Description: UNASLIDOKOV PIDRIVA Rosіyans of Kakhovo Ges at Nizhotsi Popazhi on Timchasovo ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 54_main-v1582938267.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ', 'ОПЕРАТИВНА ІНФОРМАЦІЯ']
Category: News
 🔥 Situation on Russian Outline 
As a result of the exploration of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station in a number of settlements, the territory of the Kherson region, the sanitary and epidemiological situation sharply deteriorated.
About it on Facebook reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
“In particular, due to the lack of access of the civilian population to proper medical supply and quality water, there are also a threat of other viral performs in the home cells. In turn, Russian invaders do not recognize an increase in the quantity and, vice versa, try to hide it. Measures to stabilize the social and epidemiological situation in the region are not carried out, ”-the testimony reads.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/na-hersonshhyni-cherez-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-vidznachayut-spalahy-virusnyh-zahvoryuvan/ 
He managed rocket strokes on Ukraine's energy sites - the commander of the Bombard Division of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation is suspected 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T81:00:00-04:00
Description: The commander of the 22-important bombardment of the Avіiaziya Dalnoi Aviaziy ... war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 355342677_658815152947988_5360332041670598552_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ОФІС ГЕНЕРАЛЬНОГО ПРОКУРОРА УКРАЇНИ', 'ПОРУШЕННЯ ЗАКОНІВ ТА ЗВИЧАЇВ ВІЙНИ', 'РАКЕТНІ ОБСТРІЛИ РФ']
Category: News
 The commander of the 22nd Heavy Bombard Aviation Division of the Far Aviation Air Force forces of the Air Force forces of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation was informed of suspicion of encroachment on the territorial integrity of Ukraine's invedotor, conducting an aggressive war, as well as the violation of the law.
About it reports Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine.
According to the investigation, from October 2022 to February 2023, the Russian commander, acting by prior conspiracy with the political and military leadership of the Russian Federation, implemented a criminal plan aimed at terrorizing civilian population of Ukraine.
The suspect provided the subordinate units of the 22-weighing bombing aviation division of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation using TU-22M3 rocket launchers, Tu-95MS, Tu-160 systematic rocket launchers/102 and X-10, X-33 -555 on civil objects throughout Ukraine, as well as key objects of the energy system, which are important for life civilian population.
This was done to intimidate the civilian population, to create the conditions of a permanent order in society to force Ukraine's leadership to make favorable for rfteriorist and political concessions.
The unlawful actions of the commander of the aviation division led to the destruction and destruction of the objects of the civil and energy system throughout the territory of Ukraine, which pulled the energy crisis, as well as the death of 61 and injuries 139 civilian.
Currently, law enforcement officers continue to gather evidence for the establishment of persons from the Russian command of the Russian Federation and other persons involved in the commission of these military rankings, and bring them accountable.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/keruvav-raketnymy-udaramy-po-energetychnyh-obyektah-ukrayiny-pidozryuyetsya-komandyr-bombarduvalnoyi-dyviziyi-zs-rf/ 
Ukrainian aviation per day made 11 blows on the personnel and SCRs of the enemy 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T82:00:00-04:00
Description: Avіaatsіya defense forces for Dob took 7 strokes in the areas of Zserdzhennya of a special warehouse ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' aviacziya-syl-oborony-ukrayiny.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ', 'ОПЕРАТИВНА ІНФОРМАЦІЯ', 'ХРОНІКА ОБОРОНИ']
Category: News
 Illustrative Photo 🔥 Situation on Russian Completion 
Aviation of defense forces per day made 7 beats in the areas of concentration of the enemy personnel and 4-on enemy anti-aircraft missile complexes.
About it on Facebook reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
The missile troops and artillery units were struck by the management point, 2 areas of the enemy's personnel and military equipment, 2 ammunition warehouses, 1 composition of fuel and lubricants, 23 artillery units at fire positions, 2 means of radio electronic struggle.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ukrayinska-aviacziya-za-dobu-zavdala-11-udariv-po-osobovomu-skladu-ta-zrk-voroga/ 
We do not destroy infrastructure, but the plans of the enemy - Natalia Humeniuk 
Author: ['Олексій Тригуб']
Time: 2023-06-22T83:00:00-04:00
Description: Kosumentychi has a direct efiri telemarathon “єini novel” to the situation “Bavsky” on ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when The war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 2023-06-22_163123.jpg ']
Tags: ['НАТАЛІЯ ГУМЕНЮК']
Category: News
 Commenting in a straight line ether The Televahorphone "Uniform News" is the situation with the next "cotton" in the temporary -industrial territory, namely - damage to the Chongar bridge, the chiefly connected coordination press center of defense forces of southern Ukraine Cotton "continues, and in the resorts of Crimea, Talonlovlo will become hotter, but not quite as it wanted some resorts.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/my-rujnuyemo-ne-infrastrukturu-a-plany-voroga-nataliya-gumenyuk/ 
The Verkhovna Rada's apparatus was transferred to humanitarian aid to Kherson residents 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T84:00:00-04:00
Description: PISLAL PIDRIVA ROSICHY VIISKI DAMBI KAKHOVSKO GES APARAT SPIRENED ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo1687443797.jpeg ', ' photo1687443797-2-150x150.jpeg ', ' photo1687443797-1-150x150.jpeg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГРЕБЛЯ КАХОВСЬКОЇ ГЕС']
Category: News
 After the Russian troops of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, the Verkhovna Rada's Dams of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Station announced assistance to the injured residents. Both the staff of the apparatus and the People's Deputies of Ukraine were initiated.
About it reports Headquarters for the elimination of consequences of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station.
In total, the inhabitants of Kherson region were given about 40 tons of drinking water, food products, animal feed, personal hygiene products, clothing and footwear for male, women and children, household chemicals, a generator.
!(Images/AРМІЯINFORM/2023-06-22T84-00-00-04-00/photo1687443797-2-150x150.jpeg) 
 Three trucks with humanitarian aid head of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Vyacheslav Artificial within the framework of a working visit to Kherson handed over Alexander Proudin to the head of the Chcherson Ova.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/aparat-verhovnoyi-rady-peredav-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-meshkanczyam-hersonshhyny/ 
In Kharkiv region, the units of defense forces landed enemy UAV 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T85:00:00-04:00
Description: Prordordonni were at the warehouse of the defense forces of Ukraine at once by the Ukrainian ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' news_20230622_141204_16874323246.jpeg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВОРОЖИЙ БПЛА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ХАРКІВЩИНА']
Category: News
 Border units in the Defense Forces of Ukraine together with other Ukrainian defenders continue to defend their homeland and give Hydnovnevisic to the Russian invaders.
About it reports State Border Service of Ukraine.
At the same time, the fighters are actively counteracted by the enemy's air purposes, which are increasingly used by the aggressor country.
The other day in Kharkiv region, during the combat mission, a border outfit, which served in one of the directions, noticed the approach of the enemy copter, crossed the state border everywhere and headed deep into Ukraine.
The UAV of the invaders did not reach the target, and therefore, thanks to the coordinated actions, the tale of Ukrainian border guards saved human lives.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/na-harkivshhyni-pidrozdily-syl-oborony-pryzemlyly-vorozhyj-bpla/ 
At the III European Games is the first army "gold" 
Author: ['Олександр Тереверко']
Time: 2023-06-22T86:00:00-04:00
Description: Persha “gold” Medal was wrapped in the belongings of National Zbirno at the III єvrophya igrah ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for Ukraine and Russia and when, War with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' foto.jpg ']
Tags: ['III\xa0ЄВРОПЕЙСЬКІ ІГРИ', 'STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'АРМІЙСЬКІ СПОРТСМЕНИ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'СПОРТ']
Category: News
 The first "gold" medal was laid in the treasure chest at the III-European Games in Poland in competitions of men's two-kayak-two Igorruns from the Central Sports Club of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and a representative of the 9-host club Oleg Kukharyk.
The army became the best among the kayaks-two at a distance of 500 meters. The result is unexpected because they were only qualified on the second attempt. They became fourth in the previous race, but took the passage in their semifinals with time 1: 30.398 minutes.
Recall that Igor Trunov at one time was the champion of the world and the silver winner of the Universiade in Russian Kazan. In the arsenal of Oleg Kukharyk, the World Championships and the Silver Medal at the European Championship.
It should be noted that without a medal there will be no punishment Angelica Terluga - she was in the semifinals.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/na-iii-yevropejskyh-igrah-ye-pershe-armijske-zoloto/ 
After the release of the Kakhovka reservoir, it is planned to develop a road card of the hydroelectric power station 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T87:00:00-04:00
Description: Ukrgydroenergo of the UK of Ukraine PID was a memorandum of the reconstruction bank ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' ges.jpeg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС']
Category: News
 Ukrhydroenergo and the Government of Ukraine have signed a memorandum for European banking and development. The Bank will assist in the restoration and modernization of hydroelectric power plants, enhancement of their reliability and efficiency. After the liberation of the Kakhovka reservoir, it is planned to develop road cartoon structures of the hydroelectric power station.
About it reports Headquarters for the elimination of consequences of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station.
“The average level of the Lower Bice near the Dnieper hydroelectric power station is 12.96 MBS. In the post of Kherson post a day, the water level decreased by 9 cm and as of 8:00 June 22, respectively, 0.45 m BS, ”the message reads.
Experts of Ukrhydroproectu note that due to the construction of water tumors of 16-17 meters high, which will beet the destroyed explosive-ruminous dams, hydroelectric power plants and soil dam, will be able to provide a level of the Kakhovka reservoir with an intermediate mark of 12.7 meters.
It was also argued that the work on the project is to erect temporary water supports(jumper)Kakhovsky reservoir after de -occupation continues.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/pislya-zvilnennya-terytoriyi-kahovskogo-vodoshovyshha-zaplanovano-rozrobyty-dorozhnyu-kartu-rekonstrukcziyi-ges/ 
Coordination staff experts for native prisoners of defenders of Odesa region conducted online seminars 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T88:00:00-04:00
Description: Last TROOKh Fakhivtsi representing the coordinating headquarters of the Pywannya ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' seminar.webp ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'КООРДИНАЦІЙНИЙ ШТАБ']
Category: News
 Within three days, experts of representation of the coordination headquarters on the issue of prisoners of war in the Southern region conducted an online seminaid of native prisoners of war and civil hostages, illegally detained by the aggressor state. 129 residents of Odessa region took part in the events.
About it reports Coordination headquarters of inquiries for the treatment of prisoners of war.
The employees of the Center acquainted the participants of the seminars with the competence of the bodies of the state authorities of Ukraine and international organizations in the search for the tellerry of prisoners of servicemen. Separately discussed the work of the Coordination Staff and the Ombudsman. Also explained by the algorithms of actions in case of loss of communication with servicemen, the procedure of use by the personal cabinet and provided the necessary contact information.
Among other things, as part of the family measures, prisoners of prisoners and civilians received answers to individual questions. Particular attention was paid to the ways of counteracting Russia's information influence on the public opinion in Ukraine on the issues of exchange of prisoners of war, as well as fraudulent actions, which are directed to the families of prisoners and missing defenders.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/fahivczi-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-dlya-ridnyh-polonenyh-zahysnykiv-odeshhyny-provely-onlajn-seminary/ 
In the south, our defense forces are ongoing - Anna Malyar 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T89:00:00-04:00
Description: At the PIVDNI of our forces of the defense of Triva, Mi Zastopovo, driving ahead, Maimo ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 348318839_602491135186411_128529065670898133_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ВТРАТИ ВОРОГА', 'ГАННА МАЛЯР']
Category: News
 In the south, our defense forces continue, we are gradually moving forward, we have partial successes, push the enemy and align the front.
[Wrote] about it(https://t.me/annamaliar/866)Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Anna Malyar in Telegrams.
The Defense Forces of Ukraine continue the offensive actions in the Melitopol Taredansk directions.
In some areas, they moved forward and fixed to the reached boundaries.
The enemy tightens and applies reserves, tries to restore lost loans.
Carries great losses.
In the east, both defensive and offensive actions were carried out during the day.
Our defense forces continue to effectively restrain the offensive of the Russian troops of Nalimansk, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions.
The enemy has advanced on no meter.
Fighting continues in all directions.
The most difficult, in particular in the Liman direction in the districts of Dibrova, Serebryanskaya and Grigorivka of Donetsk region.
The Defense Forces of Ukraine during the day took offensive actions on the direction of the white - Dibrova, had partial success, are fixed on the achievements.
The occupier loses his power and equipment daily, but continues to attack, trying to follow the Kremlin's instructions on the full occupation of the Donetsk region of the Talugansk region.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/za-potochnu-dobu-sytuacziya-suttyevo-ne-zminylas/ 
Defense forces reflected more than 40 attacks by Russians 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T8:00:00-04:00
Description: About the General Headquarters of the ZS Ukrainian. “Opponent I nadal ZoServzhu ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia, and when, the war with Ukraine will be or not, it will be or not, it will be whether the war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 352573146_601909928788756_3426569092669073582_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ']
Category: News
 Illustrative Photo 🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
About it reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
“The enemy continues to focus on the Bakhmut, Avdeev and Marinsky directions in the Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariin directions. More than 40 combat clashes were arrived during.
In the Volyn and Polissya directions, the operational situation without significant changes. No signs of formation of offensive groups of the enemy were detected.
on * * to the Seversky and * * Slobozhansky directions enemy struck by the settlements of Leonivka and Mykolaivkartnihiv region and Volfine of Sumy region. Carried out mortars of Tartyilers of settlements Khrinivka, Yeline, Karpovichi, Leonivka Chernihiv region; Mid-Buddha, Powder, Little, Photo Fih, New Edles, Volphin, Spire, Rings, Dmitrivka, Kindrativka, Loknaya, Stepne, Great Pisariv Kasuma Region, as well as a unicorb, Udi, veterinary, Kozaca Lopan, Highly, Lipka, Alisa, Older, Vovchansk, Vovchansky Farms, Bochkovo, Pletenevka,
Small Vovcha, Varvarivka, Budarki, Crushed, Anyskine, Milove in Kharkiv.
On * * Kupyansk direction **** the enemy struck Uda of Sinkivka, Kharkiv region. The artillery and mortar shelling of the permit was suffered by Krasne First, Fygolovka, Novomlinsk, two -year, Western, Masyutivka, Kislivka and Berestovo, Kharkiv region.
On * * Liman direction the enemy performed unsuccessful offensive divers districts of Dibrova and Bigorivka of Luhansk region and Serebryanka in Donetsk. Artillery shellings were suffered by Stelmakhivka, Nevskoye, Dibrova, Kuzmin, Bigorivka, Luhansk region and Torke, Verkhnyamyanskoye, disputed and Rozdolivka of Donetsk region.
On * * Bakhmut direction the enemy conducted unsuccessful offenses in the areas of Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Ivanovo and White Mountains. On * * the Avdiivsky direction the enemy conducted unsuccessful offenses in the area of Avdiivka, Severenoy and Pervomaisk Donetsk region. Offered near Avdiivka, Severny and Pervomaisky.
He made artillery shelling of areas of settlements Alexandropol, Ceramics, Novokalinovo, Berdychi, Stepov, Avdiivka, Tonenko, Severene, Pervomaisko, Netoylovo and Neuelsk Donetsk region.
In the Mariinsky direction, the enemy performed offensive actions in the Marinka area, Victory and Novomikhailivka of Donetsk region, and did not success. Drew an aircraft scaffold near Krasnogorivka. At the same time, he made artillery shelter of seizures of Krasnogorivka, Zoryan, sharp, Marinka, St. George, Kurakhovo and Vage Donetsk region.
On * * mining the enemy carried out offensive actions in the districts of the car and coal, had no success. Drew the Air Force of Bilyanomikhailivka and the Golden Niva. He was fired at the settlements Paraskaskovivka, Novomikhailivka, Konstantinovka, Elizabeth, Katerynivka, Bogoyavlenka, Blessed, Prychistivka, Golden Niva and the Great Novosilkadonnets region.
on * * Zaporizhia and * Kherson directions The enemy predetermined to conduct defense actions. Carried out unsuccessful offensive actions in the direction of the Zaporozhye region. The enemy struck in districts, Transfiguration, Little Tokmachka, Novodanylivka and Stepnogorskapazala region. Carried out artillery shelling of settlements, non -core, blessed, Makarivka, Storozhevo, Green Field, Temivka, Novopil, Burlatske Donetsk region; Levadne, Red, Gulyaipole, Novoandriivka, Steppe, Pyotykhatka, Pubkovo, Kamianske Zaporizhzhya region; Golden Balka, Mikhailivka, Novoalexandrivka, Dudchans, Kachkarkarivka, Payakhovka, Kozatkoe, Mykolaivka, Burguna, Ivanivka, Sadiprovovka, Sadiprovovka , Wintering, Belozer, Romashkovo, Antonovka, Kherson, Dniprovske, Kizomis of Kherson region and Ochakov of the Mykolaiv region, ” - he will be in the message.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/syly-oborony-vidbyly-ponad-40-atak-okupantiv/ 
Pentagon received a request from Denmark for the Ukrainian Pilots preparation program on F-16 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T8:43:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:43:00+03:00
Description: The US Department of Defense has confirmed that they received an official request from Denmark to make a decision to start preparing Ukrainian pilots on F-16 aircraft in European countries. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_14706... ']
Tags: ['Данія', 'НАТО', 'США', 'Україна', 'ЗСУ', 'Війна з Росією', 'F-16']
Type: Article
 The US Defense Defense has confirmed that they have received an official request from Denmark to make a decision to start the preparation of Ukrainian pilots on aircraftF-16 in the territory of European countries.
This was stated on Thursday during a briefing by a spokesman of the Pentagon, General Patriarkider, reports his own correspondent of Ukrinform.
"We received a request from Denmark to support the F -16 preparation program," the Pentagon representative confirmed.
Read also: Denmark is ready to transfer F -16 fighters to Ukraine - ministry 
He said that, under the procedure, other countries have submitted such requests through the US Department of State, which are then received for consideration by the Ministry of Defense. Now, according to Rider, the request is under consideration.
The general explained that since it is a plane of American production, it is necessary to undergo a formal procedure that will allow the third party to use their F-16 to conduct exercises with the Ukrainian side.
Read also: Denmark has approved a package of military assistance to Ukraine for € 2.95 billion 
The general recalled that the topic of preparation of Ukrainian pilots on F-16 aircraft was developed last week at a meeting of the contact group on defense Ukraine in Brussels. In this regard, he noted that the Netherlands and Denmarks, which determine the time and places for training, are responsible for the development of this program.
“What we expect further is that by the end of the year, apparently, studying at the F-16 will become somewhere in Europe. The United States will cooperate closely with our nationals to implement this training, ”the US defense representative said.
Read also: base for training in the Armed Forces pilots on F -16 can place Romania - Politico 
As reported by Ukrinform, fighter manufacturer F-16 He declared his willingness to help Ukrainian pilots in training and maintenance if NATO countries agree to send these planes to help Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726536-pentagon-otrimav-zapit-vid-danii-na-programu-pidgotovki-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16.html 
The PACE advocated the prevention of Russian and Belarusian athletes to the Olympics 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T90:00:00-04:00
Description: The parliamentary of the asamble for the sake of єvropy (pair) praised the resolution of the recommendation ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, there will be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 298906-5x3-topteaser1260x756.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ОЛІМПІАДА', 'ПАРЄ', 'СПОРТ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
Council of Europe Parliamentary Assembly(PACE)She adopted a resolution with the recommendation of the International Olympic Committee to prevent Russian and Belarussian shelves on the Olympic and Paralympic Games in Paris, even under a neutral works. The decisions were made by 71 votes for and 4 against.
About it reported Member of the Ukrainian delegation in the PACE, People's Deputy Yevgeny Kravchuk.
The document contains a decisive call to the IOC and its sports bodies prohibit the participation of Russian and Belarussian athletes in the Olympic and Paralympic Gigrams in Paris, as well as in all other major sports events as long as aggression against Ukraine.
According to the provisions of the document, the Assembly believes that the involvement of Russian Tabilor athletes in the Olympic and Paralympic Games in the present-day, it is unimaginable, will be used as a tool for propaganda and de facto-units of other athletes, including Ukrainian.
The PACE emphasizes that the lack of a corresponding strict prohibition of motivating member citizens to believe that the world is ready to keep in touch with Russia, despite its military aggression against Ukraine.
The Assembly emphasizes that the relevant prevention of athletes of aggressor states would demonstrate their commitment to the values of the Olympic Games, contribute to the search for peaceful ways of resolving conflicts and would send a clear signal and Belarusian governments that their actions have consequences and that international relations.
The PACE calls on national representatives of the IOC, national and international federations to express their disagreement of the IOC's proposals to allow Russian and Belarussian athletes to participate in the Olympic Taparumpian Games in Paris, even as "neutral athletes".
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/parye-vystupyla-za-nedopushhennya-rosijskyh-i-biloruskyh-sportsmeniv-do-olimpiady/ 
The President held a meeting with the head of the Ministry of Internal Affairs 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T91:00:00-04:00
Description: About the Office Telegram-Canal of the President of Ukraine. 1. Kherson that region .... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, Will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 355671799_3376246915958994_368695271422858614_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВОЛОДИМИР ЗЕЛЕНСЬКИЙ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 This is stated in the official telegram channel President of Ukraine.
1 . Kherson and the region. Elimination of the consequences of the Russian terrorist attack on hydroelectric power plants, providing people with drinking water, fixing harm for people to keep their help. Of course, the topic of humanitarian demining. Multicular parts, the Ministry of Internal Affairs works systematically. Priority - to provide all the ideas for a normal life as soon as possible.
2 . Preparation of the new doctrine of Ukraine, security component. These are more strategic questions. What is concerned with new policy and new standard security. Very thorough proposals. I am grateful to all those involved in this work.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/nova-bezpekova-doktryna-prezydent-proviv-naradu-z-glavoyu-mvs/ 
Violences from violence during the war can get free legal aid 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T92:00:00-04:00
Description: Sepales of sexual violence can be at a heart disease to Fakhivtsiv ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' advocat-800x500-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'МІНРЕІНТЕГРАЦІЇ']
Category: News
 Sexual Violence Victims may seek the advice of a free legal aid system(BPD).
Про це повідомляє Ministry of Reintegration of Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine.
This applies to people affected by such violence in connection with the corrective aggression of the Russian Federation against Ukraine and those who have suffered domestic violence.
The purpose of the program is to motivate the victims not to remain silent and act to protect their relatives and their relatives.
By contacting the free legal aid system, you can obtain a lawyer's consultation, assistance in making an appeal to the police and regarding the interest of interests in court.
It is important to remember that war crimes do not have a limitation period. A person can be turned when ready.
You can do this by calling hotline: 0 800 213 103. 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/postrazhdali-vid-nasylstva-pid-chas-vijny-mozhut-otrymaty-bezoplatnu-pravovu-dopomogu/ 
The fate of Chongar - Petro Chernika is waiting for the Crimean bridge to be sooner or later - Petro Chernik 
Author: ['Олексій Тригуб']
Time: 2023-06-22T93:00:00-04:00
Description: VIISKOVIE EXPERT Colonel Petro Chernik pushed the direct Efirphon “єini ... war with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' chernyk.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'НАРОДНА ВІЙНА', 'ПЕТРО ЧЕРНИК']
Category: News
 Military expert Colonel Petro Chernyk shared in direct Ethristening Staffon " the only news »The events related to the defeat of the Chongar Bridge.
At the same time, the military expert emphasizes, the further development of events will depend on how similar strokes will be continued.
The fate of the Crimean bridge, in the deep conviction of Peter Chernyk, will be as much as the Chongar bridge.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/na-krymskyj-mist-rano-chy-pizno-chekaye-dolya-chongarskogo-petro-chernyk/ 
Angelica Terluga Army - European Karate Games Champion 
Author: ['Олександр Тереверко']
Time: 2023-06-22T94:00:00-04:00
Description: Armiainform has already been gone, Angelika Terlyuga Dіshuhlov before the PIVFINAL, guaranteed the Sobs ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news War with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' fototerlyuga.jpg ']
Tags: ['III\xa0ЄВРОПЕЙСЬКІ ІГРИ', 'STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 Armyinform already reported that Angelica Terluga came up to the semifinals, guaranteed a medal in the karatist competitions. In order to break through the weight category up to 55 kg Angelica, she had to win the 2019 semi -finally, Luxembourg representative Jennifer Varling.
During the most part of the semifinals, the score remained zero, but for the nine -guns before the end of the Ukrainian woman tore two points and made it to the finals, where it was awaited by the Olympic champion from Bulgaria Ivet Goranov. By the way, the rivals were in the finals of the previous European Games 2019 in Minsk. Then Gornov's victory.
Today the Army athlete managed to win. Already in the first minute, she won two points and maintained the end of the confrontation.
This is the second "gold" of army at European Games. Recall that the first isolots of the awards were won by kayaks Igor Trunov and Oleg Kukharyk.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/armijka-anzhelika-terlyuga-chempionka-yevropejskyh-igor-z-karate/ 
The fracture will come when Western aviation appears - Petro Chernik 
Author: ['Олексій Тригуб']
Time: 2023-06-22T95:00:00-04:00
Description: The direct EXEMARAPHON “єini News” has a direct EXECKOVIST Colonel Petro Chernik Tiemarathon ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' f16-picture.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ПЕТРО ЧЕРНИК']
Category: News
 A multi-purpose F-16 fighter(model). Фото: Willard / iStock
У прямому ефірі телемарафону "The only news" Military expert Colonel Petro Chernyk expressed his opinion on the possible further development of the counter -offensive of the Defense Forces of Ukraine Tavarients.
Petro Chernyk also acknowledges that a somewhat overstated evaluation of our possibleness prevails in society, because everyone wants this operation to liberate Ukrainian earths as lightning as Kharkiv. The analyst is convinced that the enemy learned that lesson, built very serious lines of defense.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/perelom-nastane-koly-zyavytsya-zahidna-aviacziya-petro-chernyk/ 
The full de-occupation of the Zaporozhye NPP is needed, and anyone who closed their eyes to its occupation by Russia is actually facilitated by terror-President of Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T96:00:00-04:00
Description: Road Ukrainians, Ukrainian!Syogodni Buv Dazhi's Dazhi Day. Persher, conducted ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, there will be whether the war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' a12ba9f4e90b4bb130b478a26cccd574_1687462406_extra_large.png ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВОЛОДИМИР ЗЕЛЕНСЬКИЙ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 Deterous Ukrainians, Ukrainians! 
Today was a very busy day.
First, they briefed for partner countries about the situation at the Zaporizhzhya atomic station. There were representatives of the countries of the Great Seven, "Grand Twenty", representatives of international organizations. Here in the office. A available information has been provided from the GUR, from the commissioner, from our diplomats.
Our principle is simple: the world must know what the occupier prepares. Everyone who knows has to act. Of course, after a Russian terrorist attack on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, terrorists on other dams and energy objects of the old one in the world should not have any illusions about Russia. It is Russia that is now the brigal center of cynicism, and from there may be any order for any excellent, which they expect to mask under one or another catastrophe. The world has a complicated power to prevent any radiation incidents and, moreover, a radiation disaster. Everyone understands that intelligence of different countries can give corresponding signals, they can press. This is required.
We will continue to inform partners. Information will also be provided to those countries that have some neutrality even now. Obviously, radiation does not ask, who is unnecessary, and can reach anyone in the world. Accordingly, anyone in the lightisaraz can help, and what to do is quite known.
Full de -occupation of the Zaporizhzhya nuclear station is required. And anyone who has fulfilled their eyes on Russia's occupation of such an object, on the mines of Russia, the territory of the structures of the nuclear power plant, in fact contributes not only to this Russian gun, but terror in general. And today I instructed the Minister of Internal Affairs Klimenko Igor to take all necessary measures, all the necessary work with our people on all available risks. And in the near future it will be done.
Today, the SBU and the Ministry of Internal Affairs have spoken appropriate security issues - ITe concerning the Zaporizhzhya station, and what concerns the consequences of the Russian terrorist attack at the Kakhovsky Hydroelectric Power Station. We do our best to connect as much as possible and means to pressure and influence on the terrorist state. There was also a separate report of internal affairs to support people and life in the Kherson region and the greetings of our south, which were affected by the destruction of the Kakhovsky Damage.He also held a meeting on the spiritual independence of Ukraine - we continue the correspondence, and there will be new steps. Obviously, there can be no spiritual communication with the terrorist state and those who justify the murder, murder of Ukrainians and cover evil. Every day and every night of Russian terror is custom. And we will reach the moment when all the dependence on Russia, which is trying to manipulate somewhere, will be destroyed.
One more.
I want to give especially to all those who, even at that time, even in such circumstances, that our people and our country are small cultural power. Today, the next book Aresenal began in Kyiv. "Arsenal" is the word that best characterizes the meaning of culture. What makes people people. What makes humanity stronger. What protects and through time spreads our experience - everyone and everyone, all of our Ukraine, all our Ukraine, all our Europe, all our humanity. Bellas, if you have the opportunity, visit one of these days Book Arsenal and always support cultural power.
I thank everyone who is fighting and working for Ukraine!I thank everyone who is now in the battles - in the south, in the east, in Zaporozhye, in the Donetsk region, in Luhansk region. Thank you!
Thank you all who help Ukraine and protect their lives and humanity with us!
Glory to Ukraine! 
_ Dudelo: Presidential Office of Ukraine _
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/potribna-povna-deokupacziya-zaporizkoyi-aes-a-bud-hto-hto-zaplyushhyv-ochi-na-yiyi-okupacziyu-rosiyeyu-faktychno-spryyayut-teroru-prezydent-ukrayiny/ 
Petro Chernyk: This month there will be a new record of destruction of enemy artillery 
Author: ['Олексій Тригуб']
Time: 2023-06-22T97:00:00-04:00
Description: The Vechirnomo Efіrі Telemarafon “єini News” Vіskovy Expert Colonel Petro Bhernik ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 1200_0_1685164793-7767.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ПЕТРО ЧЕРНИК']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
In the evening air(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WY8sDvZdWEA)"The only news" Military expert Colonel Petro Chernyk analyzed some of thestatic data taken from the daily reports of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
At the same time, says a military scientist, at the enemy there are still at least 15 thousand trunks - let the old scrap, but the Russians will still take it from conservation and throw it into battle.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/petro-chernyk-czogo-misyaczya-bude-novyj-rekord-znyshhennya-vorozhoyi-artyleriyi/ 
“Pamagitu!We have a "300" trial!Ah!” - SBU interception 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T98:00:00-04:00
Description: SBU SBU crossed Rozmova Poluccanti, Yaki poked PID Vogon Shock ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' sbu.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'СБУ ПЕРЕХОПЛЕННЯ']
Category: News
 SBU staff intercepted the conversation of the occupiers who got under the fire drone.(https://www.facebook.com/SecurSerUkraine/videos/1383241765865614/)Security Service of Ukraine.
The Operational Group of the SBU Main Directorate in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea worked out the position of Russian near Kherson, when they tried to get in a boat.
“The SBU staff recorded their negotiations at the time of the drone and could not but share with you this beautiful" opera "of wounded Russian. According to our information, the paramedics caused did not help ... ” - he is in the message.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/pamagitye-u-nas-tri-300-aaaaa-sbu-perehoplennya/ 
Short. War. Day 484. Videoodigest 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-22T99:00:00-04:00
Description: Jero: The General Staff of the ZS Ukrainian War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia, and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be war With Ukraine, in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 355150040_609591384687277_1362427847836931971_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІДЕОДАЙДЖЕСТ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo _ Source: General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine _
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/korotko-vijna-den-484-videodajdzhest/ 
Zelensky instructed Klimenko to carry out an explanatory work with the population on the risks of the ZPP 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-22T9:46:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-22T22:46:00+03:00
Description: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky instructed the Minister of Internal Affairs Igor Klimenko to carry out the necessary measures and explanatory work with the population on risks at the Zaporizhzhia NPP. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Клименко', 'МВС', 'Зеленський', 'Запорізька АЕС']
Type: Article
 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky instructed the Minister of Internal Affairs, Igor Klimenkiv, to take the necessary measures and explanatory work with the population on the risks of Nazaposhi NPP.
The head of state told about it in his evening video , reports correspondent.
"Today, however, I have instructed the Minister of Internal Affairs of Ukraine Igor Klimenkiv to take all necessary measures, all the necessary explanatory work with our landscapes on all available risks. And in the near future it will be done," the President said.
Read also: all who have closed their eyes on the occupation of Russia, contribute to the terror - Zelensky He also reported that he held a meeting with GUR, SBU and the Ministry of Internal Affairs regarding the relevant safe issues - concerning the Zaporizhzhya station, and the consequences of the Russian terrorist attack at the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station.
"We are doing our best to connect as much effort and means to the pressure and impact of the terrorist," Zelensky emphasized.
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station and new security doctrine: presidential meeting with the Interior Minister According to Ukrinform, President Vladimir Zelensky believes that the Russian Civalas wants to undermine Zaporizhzhya NPP for destabilization in Ukraine, as well as for this, that the world presses on Kiev, demanding to stop this conflict.
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726541-zelenskij-doruciv-klimenku-provesti-rozasnuvalnu-robotu-z-naselennam-sodo-rizikiv-na-zaes.html 
The US Coast Guard confirmed the death of Titan minisunding passengers 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-23T-1:37:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-23T00:37:00+03:00
Description: The US Coast Guard has officially confirmed that the commercial submarine of Titan, which investigated the fragments of the Titanic passenger liner, was found at great depth, which indicates the death of crew and passengers. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Смерть', 'США', 'Підводний човен', 'Титанік']
Type: Article
 The US coastal protection has officially confirmed that the commercial submarine of Titan, which investigated the fragments of the Titanic passenger liner, was found at great depth, which indicates the death of crew and passengers.
This was stated on Thursday during a special pressing of the US counter -node security, John Mowger, Ukrinform correspondent reports.
“This morning remotely managed device(ROV)From the Horizon Arctic vessel found a tail cone of the Titan underwater apparatus, about 1600 feet(About 490 meters - ed.)From the nasal part of the Titanic at the bottom of the sea, ”said the US Coast Guard.
Read also: found fragments of submarine, which disappeared near Titanic - media 
According to him, then ROV found more debris that belong to the Titan Submarines.
“After consultation with united command experts, it is established that the abusers correspond to catastrophic destruction of the cameras. After such determination, we immediately reported families, ”Mowger said.
In this connection, he expressed their condolences to the families of the dead on behalf of the US Coast and the entire united command.
Read also: on submarine near Titanic "Occupied - media 
As reported by Ukrinform, on Thursday search teams found the "Field of Wreckage" by the super -ocean near the sunken passenger liner "Titanic" of the Titan tourist boat. At that time, it was not known whether the whole baroque remained, the passengers were dedicated.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726553-beregova-ohorona-ssa-pidtverdila-zagibel-ludej-na-minisubmarini-titan.html 
The invaders were fired at the Chernihiv and Sumy region for six times during the day 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-23T-2:23:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-23T00:23:00+03:00
Description: On June 22, Russian troops fired at the border areas of Chernihiv and Sumy regions six times, information about losses among the local population is specified. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16708... ']
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Сумщина', 'Агресія РФ', 'Чернігівщина', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 On June 22, the Russian border territories of Chernihiv and Sumy regions were fired on June 22, information about losses among the local population.
According to Ukrinform, the North Operational Command reports In the telegram.
In the Chernihiv region, the Russians fired at three settlements. In the district -populated point Kamianskaya Sloboda from 13:40 to 14:46 16 hits were recorded, probably from the artillery.
According to Senkivka, the Russians 16:25 to 16:40 released five mines, probably of120 mm mortar.
Read also: Kherson and region shelling: Four locals and two volunteers wounded 
Also, Russian troops from 18:45 to 19:05 fired Janzhulivka, released shells, probably from the artillery.
In Sumy region, the Russians fired Three settlements. Thus, in the area of the swarm from 15:25 to 16:26, 8 muds were recorded, probably from howitzer D-30.
In the area of the village of Boyar-Lying, the Russians fired with artillery, recorded.
Read also: enemy a day 84 times fired at the Zaporozhye region, three wounded 
In the area of the village of Bachivska from 19:30 to 19:39 there were three trains, probably with 82 mm mortar.
Information on losses among the local population or damage to civil infrastructure is specified.
Read also: RF troops hit mortars on two border communities in Sumy region 
As reported by Ukrinform, on June 21 the Russians _ carried out 18 firing border guards of Sumy region _, 118 explosions were recorded.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726552-zagarbniki-uprodovz-dna-sist-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-ta-sumsini.html 
Marta Kostyuk went out to the 1/2 finals of WTA tournament in Birmingham 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-23T-3:09:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-23T00:09:00+03:00
Description: Ukrainian -Czech duo Marta Kostyuk - Barbora Krachikov made his way to the semi -finals of the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) - Rothesay Classic - in Birmingham (UK) with a prize fund of $ 259,303 thousand - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Теніс', 'Марта Костюк']
Type: Article
 Ukrainian -Czech duo Marta Kostyuk - Barbora Krachikov made his way to the tournament of the Women's Tennis Association tournament(WTA)- Rothsay classic - in Birmingham(United Kingdom)With a prize fund $ 259.303 thousand
In the quarterfinals of the paired discharge are sown under the 2nd number of Kostyuk and Krachikovkovkovkovkovkovkovkovkovkovkovkovkovkikovkan Frey Christie and Ali Collins - 6: 3, 5: 7, 10: 5, transmits.
The match lasted 1 hour 35 minutes.
The ticket to the final of the competition Kostyuk and Krachikov is played with the Polish-American tandem of Magda Linett- Bernard Perra, who in turn played Belarus Lidia Morozov and Ingrid Gamarro Martins from Brazil- 6: 4, 6: 2.
Read also: Marta Kostyuk Updated personal record in WTA ranking The Birmingham tournament will last until June 25.
Foto: Getty Images. 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726551-marta-kostuk-vijsla-do-12-finalu-turniru-wta-u-birmingemi.html 
Marta Kostyuk went out to the 1/2 finals of WTA tournament in Birmingham 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-23T00:09:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-23T00:09:00+03:00
Description: Ukrainian -Czech duo Marta Kostyuk - Barbora Krachikov made his way to the semi -finals of the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) - Rothesay Classic - in Birmingham (UK) with a prize fund of $ 259,303 thousand - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Теніс', 'Марта Костюк']
Type: Article
 Ukrainian -Czech duo Marta Kostyuk - Barbora Krachikov made his way to the tournament of the Women's Tennis Association tournament(WTA)- Rothsay classic - in Birmingham(United Kingdom)With a prize fund $ 259.303 thousand
In the quarterfinals of the paired discharge are sown under the 2nd number of Kostyuk and Krachikovkovkovkovkovkovkovkovkovkovkovkovkovkikovkan Frey Christie and Ali Collins - 6: 3, 5: 7, 10: 5, transmits.
The match lasted 1 hour 35 minutes.
The ticket to the final of the competition Kostyuk and Krachikov is played with the Polish-American tandem of Magda Linett- Bernard Perra, who in turn played Belarus Lidia Morozov and Ingrid Gamarro Martins from Brazil- 6: 4, 6: 2.
Read also: Marta Kostyuk Updated personal record in WTA ranking The Birmingham tournament will last until June 25.
Foto: Getty Images. 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726551-marta-kostuk-vijsla-do-12-finalu-turniru-wta-u-birmingemi.html 
The invaders were fired at the Chernihiv and Sumy region for six times during the day 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-23T00:23:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-23T00:23:00+03:00
Description: On June 22, Russian troops fired at the border areas of Chernihiv and Sumy regions six times, information about losses among the local population is specified. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16708... ']
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Сумщина', 'Агресія РФ', 'Чернігівщина', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 On June 22, the Russian border territories of Chernihiv and Sumy regions were fired on June 22, information about losses among the local population.
According to Ukrinform, the North Operational Command reports In the telegram.
In the Chernihiv region, the Russians fired at three settlements. In the district -populated point Kamianskaya Sloboda from 13:40 to 14:46 16 hits were recorded, probably from the artillery.
According to Senkivka, the Russians 16:25 to 16:40 released five mines, probably of120 mm mortar.
Read also: Kherson and region shelling: Four locals and two volunteers wounded 
Also, Russian troops from 18:45 to 19:05 fired Janzhulivka, released shells, probably from the artillery.
In Sumy region, the Russians fired Three settlements. Thus, in the area of the swarm from 15:25 to 16:26, 8 muds were recorded, probably from howitzer D-30.
In the area of the village of Boyar-Lying, the Russians fired with artillery, recorded.
Read also: enemy a day 84 times fired at the Zaporozhye region, three wounded 
In the area of the village of Bachivska from 19:30 to 19:39 there were three trains, probably with 82 mm mortar.
Information on losses among the local population or damage to civil infrastructure is specified.
Read also: RF troops hit mortars on two border communities in Sumy region 
As reported by Ukrinform, on June 21 the Russians _ carried out 18 firing border guards of Sumy region _, 118 explosions were recorded.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726552-zagarbniki-uprodovz-dna-sist-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-ta-sumsini.html 
The US Coast Guard confirmed the death of Titan minisunding passengers 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-23T00:37:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-23T00:37:00+03:00
Description: The US Coast Guard has officially confirmed that the commercial submarine of Titan, which investigated the fragments of the Titanic passenger liner, was found at great depth, which indicates the death of crew and passengers. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16874... ']
Tags: ['Смерть', 'США', 'Підводний човен', 'Титанік']
Type: Article
 The US coastal protection has officially confirmed that the commercial submarine of Titan, which investigated the fragments of the Titanic passenger liner, was found at great depth, which indicates the death of crew and passengers.
This was stated on Thursday during a special pressing of the US counter -node security, John Mowger, Ukrinform correspondent reports.
“This morning remotely managed device(ROV)From the Horizon Arctic vessel found a tail cone of the Titan underwater apparatus, about 1600 feet(About 490 meters - ed.)From the nasal part of the Titanic at the bottom of the sea, ”said the US Coast Guard.
Read also: found fragments of submarine, which disappeared near Titanic - media 
According to him, then ROV found more debris that belong to the Titan Submarines.
“After consultation with united command experts, it is established that the abusers correspond to catastrophic destruction of the cameras. After such determination, we immediately reported families, ”Mowger said.
In this connection, he expressed their condolences to the families of the dead on behalf of the US Coast and the entire united command.
Read also: on submarine near Titanic "Occupied - media 
As reported by Ukrinform, on Thursday search teams found the "Field of Wreckage" by the super -ocean near the sunken passenger liner "Titanic" of the Titan tourist boat. At that time, it was not known whether the whole baroque remained, the passengers were dedicated.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726553-beregova-ohorona-ssa-pidtverdila-zagibel-ludej-na-minisubmarini-titan.html 
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine calls G7 and the European Union to prevent nuclear incident on the ZPP 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-23T00:50:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-23T00:50:00+03:00
Description: The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine has stated the direct threat of a nuclear incident to the ZPP and called on the international community, in particular, the Seven Group countries and the European Union to react urgently to prevent catastrophe. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16615... ']
Tags: ['Євросоюз', 'МЗС', 'Велика сімка', 'Агресія РФ', 'Запорізька АЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine has declared a direct threat to the ZPPU and called on the international community, in particular, the Seven Group countries and the European Union to react urgently to prevent it from admissible.
This is stated in the statement of the foreign policy of Ukraine, a spreading significant, reports Ukrinform.
"Ministry and other forms of militarization of Zaporizhzhya NPPs on the part of Russia pose a number of nuclear incident at the largest nuclear power plant in Europe," the document said.
Read also: Russia will warn of the consequences of a possible terrorist attack on the Dmytro Kuleba 
It is indicated that, according to the Ukrainian intelligence agencies, "Russia is considering the scenario of committing a terrorist act at a temporarily occupied Zaporozhye NPP." Such a terrorist attack will have global consequences, emphasizes.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine reminded that Russia, which occupied the ZPP, has grossly violated international right, as well as norms and standards of nuclear security, including the Seimonospayment Principles of the IAEA for nuclear safety and security.
"We are awaiting a clear assessment by the CEO of IAEA Raphael Grossi regarding Russia's actions," the Ukrainian department said.
Read also: all who have closed their eyes on the occupation of Russia, contribute to the terror - Zelensky 
Russia, as a terrorist state, has violated all the key principles of international law and the vast majority of its own contractual obligations, but has not yet felt fair consequences for its crimes, emphasized Vykiyev.
"We urge the international community, including the Seven Group and the EU, to use urgent funds to prevent a nuclear catastrophe at the Zaporizhzhya NPP, which is to carry out numerous restrictive measures for the Russian atomic industry of the Tavi -industrial complex of the Russian Federation," the document said.
Read also: the Ministry of Health gave advice to Ukrainians what to do in the case of radiation avalanche 
As reported by Ukrinform, on Thursday President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky has submitted about the need for full de -occupation Zaporizhzhya NPP . He emphasized that anyone who closed their eyes to its occupation by Russia actually contribute to terror.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726554-mzs-ukraini-zaklikae-g7-i-evrosouz-ne-dopustiti-adernogo-incidentu-na-zaes.html 
由于乌克兰和世界被巩固，反对俄罗斯的侵略 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-23T99:00:00-04:00
Description: 乌克兰-TSARPYSKIY Investiniy Bank Pers。他们说，与乌克兰的战争将在2022年与乌克兰进行战争，在不久的将来，乌克兰与乌克兰与乌克兰的战争，今天的乌克兰新闻，乌克兰的新闻，乌克兰媒体在俄罗斯的乌克兰新闻
Images: [' golovna-37.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'СЛУЖБА ЗОВНІШНЬОЇ РОЗВІДКИ']
Category: News
 乌克兰和欧洲投资银行在乌克兰修复项目中签署了一份对合作的理解备忘录，该备忘录为2023年的实施范围提供了8.4亿欧元的范围，以实施乌克兰基础设施的优先权。
法国将为今年的紧急重建提供另外4000万欧元的不可逆财政援助，并为平民需求做准备。 “我很高兴地注意到他(援助计划)法国外交大臣科隆(Colonne)说：“这将主要由赠款组成，不要给乌克兰的公共财政造成额外的压力。”
法国将为在乌克兰工作的投资者创造一种特殊的保险机制，以应对战争的风险。
英国总理里卡·斯纳克(Richa Snak)在伦敦乌克兰国防会议上宣布了向乌克兰提供新的经济援助，以及一项新的军事风险保险计划，以促进乌克兰。 包装将包括30亿美元的形式，以世界银行信贷的形式和2.4亿英镑(超过3亿美元)双边援助。 总理称，金融机构分别发挥了支持乌克兰经济的作用。 “ IMFD在未来四年的G7负债中将为150亿美元，其合作伙伴将分配1,150亿美元。 阿塔基(Ataki)机构作为EBRD，为支持增长提供了初始资金，这是在私营部门的领导下。” Risha Snak说。 他还宣布推出了一座新的英国 - 乌克兰技术桥梁，以促进投资和才能，支持绿色能源等。 总理报道了乌克兰商业紧凑型计划的开始，旨在促进乌克兰的恢复。 据他介绍，该项目已经习惯了来自38个国家的400多家公司。
英国已使用虚拟REERIAL宣布了新的培训(VR)适用于乌克兰水手。
英国总理里奇·桑纳克(Richa Sunak)宣布分配高达2.5亿英镑(约3.18亿美元)英国发展融资研究所的诺维斯资本。 超过一半的果园将针对人道主义支持，包括居住在前线的人。欧盟常设代表委员会已批准增加35亿欧洲和平基金，尤其是该基金也用于向乌克兰进行军事援助。
多年来为乌克兰提供的财政支持，多达500亿欧洲委员会建议创建一种单独的机制，以吸引资金，贷款，投资以及技术援助。
萨布丽娜·辛格(Sabrina Singh)的副发言人回应克里米亚(Crigea)，乌克兰人正在尽力而为，他们有机会继续推动俄罗斯人的战斗，并保持努力返回其主权领土。 同时，辛格报告说，乌克兰“将在北约加入之前有自己的方式”。
“我们知道战斗会很重。 我们知道这需要时间。 他们确定乌克兰人拥有所需的东西。 他们具有战斗力和残疾，可以成功进行反犯罪行动。
美国将分配820万美元，以支持来自乌克兰的难民，以帮助他们在捷克共和国。
2023年，德国将为乌克兰提供3.81亿欧元的人道主义援助。
资料来源： 外部情报服务 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-sluzhba-zovnishnoyi-rozvidky-2/ 
