乌俄战争新闻
Ukrainian-Russian War News
2023-06-08
 
English 
“Ukraine and the world are against Russian aggression. Sanctions in action ” - the CZR of Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-07T96:00:00-04:00
Description: The Service of Cindlelings of the Ukrainian Khovdomlya about the sanctusian federals ... war with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 20220501-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'КРАХ РОСІЙСЬКОЇ ЕКОНОМІКИ', 'СЛУЖБА ЗОВНІШНЬОЇ РОЗВІДКИ УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 Foreign Intelligence Service of Ukraine reports About sanctions against the Russian Federation as of June 7.
• “This attack(blasting the dams of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants)It is a new dimension of Russian defects and may be considered a violation of international law, including international humanitarian law, ” - said in a joint statement of the High EU representative of foreign affairs and security policy, Josepa Borrell and the European Commissioner of Humanitarian Assistance and Crisis Situations. Borrel and Lenarchic noted that they were in touch with the Ukrainian authorities to provide immediate assistance from the EU.
• "The destruction of civilian infrastructure is unambiguously qualified as a military Zar - and we will attract Russia and its puppets to justice," the European Council President Charles Michel said.
• In the European Commission, the Dams of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station in the south of Ukraine were strongly condemned by Russian occupation troops. "Obviously, this is happening in the contextual Russian aggression, in which Putin does not hesitate to use as a weapon of famine, energy, winter and nuclear power plants in Ukraine," the EU Foreign Representative said Peter.
• "I condemn the destruction of the dam in Ukraine: it is criminal and reckless,"-wrote the Secretary General of the Council of Europe Maria Peychinovich-Burich.
• "This is an outrageous act that once again demonstrates the cruelty of Russia's war in Ukraine," NATO Stoltenberg's Secretary General.
• German Chancellor Olaf Soltz called Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station a "new dimension" of the Russian Federation against Ukraine. According to Scholtz, the undermining of the hydroelectric power station "fits into the fact that Putin leads this war."
• Estonia Prime Minister Kai Callas said that the blasting of the Kakhovskaya Dam to the Kakhovskaya Hesrosia has turned water into weapons and called for helping Ukraine to win the entrance.
• "This will be another point on the list of accusations for Moscow criminals," Estonia President Alard Caris emphasized.
• "Russia is a terrorist state, it needs to be stopped," - said Presidential Edgar Rinkevich.
• “A terrible attack on civilian infrastructure - a dam in Nova Kakhovka - will shorten the cruel tactics of the Russian Federation. These war crimes should be punished, ”Georgia Salome Zurabishvili's President said.
• Moldova President Maya Sandu has condemned the blasting of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants and suggested helping the consequences.• Australia discusses from the United States the ability to transfer F/A-18hornets fighters to Ukraine.
• Ukrainian State Concern "Ukroboronprom" and the Czech armed enterpriseVop CZ agreed to joint repair of T-64 tanks at the plant in the city of Novyiin.
• Moldova will help prepare Ukrainian sappers.
• US Department of State Department Vedant Patel believes that the Russian Federation is losing to Ukraine and should stop aggression until it has lost even more.
• NATO countries should be consistent in support of Ukraine, said at the Bucharest Nine summit(look)In Bratislava, Polish President Andrzej Duda. In addition to Russia, in addition to Russia, a destabilization factor on the Eastern flankias is also Lukashenko's regime, namely: hybrid attacks from Belarus, the Napolsky border, the use of Russian aircraft of Belarus airblands for Ukraine, placement of nuclear weapons in the RB.
• Austrian Foreign Minister Alexander Shalenberg proposes to transfer to Hague the collection of the crime of Alexandra Lukashenko's crime in the removal of Ukrainian children in the export of Ukrainian children.
• Serbia President Oleksandr Vuchich does not deny the supply of Serbian Arms to Ukraine. At the same time, Serbia does not intend to help Russia to circumstance, re -exported forbidden goods.
• Ukraine and the EU have signed an agreement on the participation of our country in the program "Communication of Europe"(Connecting Europe Facility, CEF)which enables Ukrainian enterprises to apply for funding from the European Union for projects, which are of common interest in the transport, energy Tacithe spheres and will improve Ukraine's connections with its neighbors of the Zevra Union.
• US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken said the United States was not overwhelming to guarantee that Iran would never be able to get nuclear weapons.
• The EU has allowed sanctions against relatives of Russian businessmen.
• The Slovak Prosecutor's Office has declared the former Minister of Justice, Exudge, Supreme Court, Stefan Garabin, who publicly approved Putin's decision to invade Ukraine.
• Putin's fan in Germany was fined almost 1000 euros for justifying the Russian aggression.
• The United States has expanded sanctions against the Russian Federation, adding a single legal entity to the sanction list.
• Estonia has prevented the export of banned by sanctions for Russia, which can be used in military production.• The Russian authorities have decided to reduce subsidies to oil companies from September 1, as a result, they will not receive 50 billion rubles. monthly.
• prices for the purchase of production facilities in Russia increased by 15 %; The number of propositions decreased by 15 %, demand - by 12 %.
• The lease of production facilities decreased by 5 %, the average cost of lease increased by 19 %. The lease in Novosibirsk - 139 %, Krasnodari - by 121 %, Voronezh - by 105 %, Tyumen - by 98 %, Kazan - by 62 %.
• Patients are massively "prescribed" from the Belgorod region hospitals to release the library needed for a large number of wounded occupiers arriving in the medical facilities.
• Putin demands that the government urgently set up in the Russian Federation "Production of prostheses, accessories for them and the basic materials used for their production". According to experts, the demand for upper extremities has increased by more than 15 %, and for bionic and traction prostheses by more than 55 %. Chipita motors used by Russian companies in the production of prostheses are imported: Swiss, Chinese and German, but because of international sanctions they are less and less.
• The Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation will notify the Russians about mobilization through SMS distribution-the relevant project of the resolution has been published.
• The occupiers continue to impress with new ideas in the protection of armored equipment, using as armor welded to the cabinet of the shell tanks from shells. Capture serial armor produced by enterprises not better than such a handicraft.
• The budget expenditures of the Kursk region in 2022 on "National Defense" increased by 187 times compared to 2021 and exceeded 6 billion rubles, - the Minister of Finans of the Rudakova region reported.
• At the 111st session of the International Labor Conference, the EU delegation supported the resolution, which provides measures to influence Belarus in order(about the freedom of the Association)and 98(about the right to organize and conduct collective negotiations).
• Глава Сейму Литовської Республіки Вікторія Чміліте-Нільсен заявила, що неможна підтримувати відносини з режимом лукашенка, оскільки він тримає вув’язненні, катує і переслідує людей, жорстоко придушує будь-які зародкидемократії.
• The Ministry of Justice of Belarus refused the Belarusian Green Party in accordance with the re -registration. The reason was the lack of party members. According to the departed registration rules, in addition to the standard application and a document package, it is necessary to provide not only information about the number of party members, but also the listed of its members.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-sankcziyi-v-diyi-szr-ukrayiny/ 
Police intensified patrols near the Kiev Hydroelectric Power 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T-10:45:10+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:45:10+03:00
Description: Police intensified patrols in the Kiev hydroelectric power station. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16636... ']
Tags: ['Поліція', 'Київська ГЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The police have set up patrols in the Kiev hydroelectric power station.
According to Ukrinform, the spokeswoman of the police of the Kyiv region Irinanapryannikov reported on Facebook .
За її словами, у разі ускладнення ситуації для оперативного реагування врегіоні діють цілодобові наряди.
Читайте також: Ситуація на північному напрямку повністю контрольованаСилами оборони – Наєв "It is clear about the powerful protection of the dam, however, in the case of extraordinary emergency, the police will be involved in the evacuation and comprehensive promotion of security forces," Pryanzhnikov added.
As it was reported, on the night of June 6, Russian troops were blown up by the Dumbleuka Hydroelectric Power Plant thus causing large -scale toature. On the same day, the Russians began to threaten the Kiev hydroelectric power station. Recognizable threats were heard on the state channels of the Russian Federation and the Publite.
The Commander of the Joint Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Lieutenant General Sergey Naeuvasabaiaba that the Kiev hydroelectric power station was covered with blows from the air and from the sabotage and intelligence forces of the enemy.
Photo: Ukrhydroenergo
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720290-policia-posilila-patruluvanna-bila-kiivskoi-ges.html 
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Zelensky reproached international organizations for zero support 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T-1:06:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:06:00+03:00
Description: At present, there is actually no attention to international organizations to the flooded territory of Ukraine in the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Зеленський', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Currently, there is no attention of international organizations to the temporarily occupied territory of Ukraine as a result of the terract of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station.
President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky stated this during an appeal of experience eco -activists, opinions and international experts, reports Ukrinform.
He noted that Ukraine will do everything possible to save the most people as possible, and emphasized the need to support the world in this process "not only rhetoric but also actions."
Read also: Zelensky : The burial grounds were underwater in the south, at least two of them - with anthrax "In the territories of the territory we have started to help. , in particular, your pressure - I ask them!" - said the head of the Ukrainian state.
He stressed that it is necessary to do everything to avoid any desert, ruins or dead zone after this disaster. According to Zelensky, it is possible to provide only joint efforts, together with the eco -protection community, leaders and states, international organizations.
"Pollution and poison from the flood zone quickly enters groundwater, poisons rivers, and from there it enters the Black Sea basin. That is, it is not a" somewhere there " - everything in the world is very interconnected.
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Zelensky addressed the experience of the ecological community And so please spread the truth about this Russian ecocide. Please call the leaders, states and international organizations to act, " - add -on president of Ukraine.
As reported by Ukrinform, on the night of June 6, the Russian army blew up the Dumbleukhov Hydroelectric Power Plant. In Kherson region, rescue work and measures of germinating the population from flooding places continue. The situation is especially dramatic in the temporarily occupied territories, where Russian invaders have stamped the civilian population without any help, while the access of Ukraine's rescue services to these people is extremely complicated or impossible.Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720300-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-zelenskij-doriknuv-miznarodnim-organizaciam-za-nul-pidtrimki.html 
The mercenaries of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation called "Storm" reported suspicion - SBU 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T-2:00:00-04:00
Description: Service of Bingle Zbrazov’s base for 7 participants of the Teroristic organized “L/DNR”, ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when , The war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 232191481_149444590648295_3523033550936501027_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'СБУ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
The Security Service has collected the evidence base for 7 other participants in the L/DNR terrorist organizations, who fought against Ukraine, according to the Ukrainian special service.
The attackers were captured by Ukrainian defenders in May this year. It was found that all of them at different times joined the occupation units of the Southern Military District of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation. While complicating the Russian troops, the militants actively participated in the storming of the Ukrainian Pottonments in Donetsk and Luhansk regions.
One of the persons involved in 2015 has been a number of terrorist grouping "noise" of the so -called "Cossack Union of the Don Troops region". After the acknowledges of Russian aggression of Russia, he voluntarily "enrolled" to one of the detachments of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation under the name "Storm".
Two more malefactors who joined this occupation unit are the Donetsk region. In 2014-2015, they participated in the shelling of the positions of ATO in eastern Ukraine. The other two fighters from the terrorist groups of "Oplot" fought against the defense forces in the areas of Avdiivka and Marinka in Donetsk region, as well as the name of Mykolaivka in the Luhansk region.
In addition, among the detainees-the arrows and mechanic-driver of howitzers of the 11th separate-motto-fashion regiment of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation(known as the "East" group). Зловмисникиатакували позиції Сил оборони під Авдіївкою з використанням російськоїартилерії.
На підставі зібраних доказів слідчі Служби безпеки повідомили всім фігурантампро підозру в участі у терористичній організації (Part 1. Art. 258-3 Criminal Code of Ukraine).
Також злочинні дії одного із бойовиків з лав «Востока» додатковокваліфіковані, як державна зрада (Part 1 of Art. 111 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine).
Зловмисникам загрожує до 15 років тюрми.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/najmanczyam-ugrupovan-minoborony-rf-pid-nazvoyu-shtorm-povidomyleno-pro-pidozru-sbu/ 
The enemy hit Cherkasy region, eight people wounded - ova 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T-2:02:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:02:00+03:00
Description: Russian invaders struck a rocket strike in the Uman district of Cherkasy region, eight people wounded, two of them in serious condition. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Черкащина', 'Обстріл', 'Поранені', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Russian rocket strikes in the Uman district of Cherkasy region, eight people were injured, two of them in serious condition.
About it reports in telegram Chief of Cherkasy Ova Igor Storerets, reports Ukrinform.
“Evening with anxiety and, unfortunately, consequences. The enemy again inflicted rocket strike by our Uman region. We have two arrivals: by industrial facility and car wash. A fire broke out for the second time, ”the head of the Kingblast wrote.
Read also: Air Air Anxiety According to preliminary information, it is known about eight victims, two of whom are in a state.
All the services are currently working at the scene, Tabures added.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720297-rosia-zavdala-udaru-po-umansini-visim-ludej-poraneni-ova.html 
Zelensky: Underwater in the south were the burial grounds of animals, at least two of them - with a anthrax 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T-3:01:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:01:00+03:00
Description: Underwater in the south were the burial grounds of animals, at least two of them - with a anthrax. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Зеленський', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Екоцид']
Type: Article
 Under the water of the south were the burial grounds of animals, at least two of them - with anthrax.
President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky stated this during appeal To the world eco -activists, leaderships and international experts, Ukrinform reports.
Video: Presidential Office 
"The man -made catastrophe at the Kakhovsky Hydroelectric Power Plant is not a natural disaster and a display of cclimatic crisis. It is a disaster. What he is doing. What he orders to do," the head of the Ukrainian state said.
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Zelensky addressed the experience of the ecological community He noted that the situation is extremely difficult at the moment, as Russian troops are stopping artillery strikes in the territory where evacuation is carried out. Zelensky said that these terrorist shelling of Eporanne. "This Russian ecocid crime is the largest in Europe, but, apparently, Russian invaders have decided to further aggravate its seeds," the President of Ukraine added.
The Head of State stated that there was no evacuation at the territory occupied by Russia. "The people of the day on the roofs in a water trap without drinking water, without food, without medical care. How many dead and victims are there, we do not know yet," Zelensky said.
He noted that literally every hour more details are established as to what damage of the Russian Federation caused this disaster. "In more than 30 settlements of life. And both are in the temporarily occupied territory. We are unknown to them. Where there was no centralized sewage, sewage drains are already in water, which is covered with everything, "the President of Ukraine said.
Read also: in the reservoir Southern stopped coming Kakhovsk Volkul 
As reported by Ukrinform, on the night of June 6, the Russian army undermined the Greblyukakhov hydroelectric power station . Even before lunch, almost all of the station was discharged underwater, it is not recoverable.
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720295-zelenskij-pid-vodou-na-pivdni-opinilis-mogilniki-tvarin-sonajmense-dva-z-nih-iz-sibirkou.html 
Rolan Harros: Schwontek will protect the title in the 2023 finals 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T-4:00:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:00:00+03:00
Description: On the second in the season of the Grand Slam, France's Open Tennis Championships in Paris invented participants of the final confrontation in a female single category.
— Укрінформ.: 
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Теніс']
Type: Article
 In the second season, the Grand Slam series tournament Open France from tennis Uparizi invented participants of the final confrontation in a female single discharge.
The decisive match "Rolan Harros" -2023 will be held with the participation of Czech Carolina Mukhovota of the current owner of the title of polka Iga Schwontek, Ukrinform reports.
Schwontek filled the latest vacancy in the finals, beating Brazilian Beatrishadad Maya - 6: 2, 7: 6: 6(9:7).
Як повідомлялося, Мухова в 1/2 фіналу перемогла білоруску Аріну Соболенко -7:6 (7:5), 6:7(5:7), 7: 5.
Read also: Mukhova Czech became the first finalist "Rolan Garros" -2023 The women's final "Rolan Harros" will take place on June 10.
Photo: Getty Images.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720294-rolan-garros-svontek-zahisatime-titul-u-finali2023.html 
The government has simplified the procedure for registration of passport documents 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T-4:00:00-04:00
Description: Behind the RISSHENSMA, the URIDSIA of the Hold Migration Service of Ukraine Tom Lawdronni ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia, and when, a war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' dmsu.jpg ']
Tags: ['ДМС УКРАЇНИ', 'ПАСПОРТИ', 'ПАСПОРТНИЙ СЕРВІС']
Category: News
 According to the Government's decision, all units of the State Migration Service of Ukraine Tazoborod's diplomatic institutions will receive direct access to the State Register of Civil Status Acts. In this way, they will be able to form an excerpt on the state registration of the birth of the person and his origin.
About it writes On its official Facebook page the State Migration Service of Ukraine.
Therefore, the procedure of obtaining passport documents is greatly simplified for citizens. In addition, it will allow Ukrainians who have left the temporarily occupied territories abroad through the armed aggression of the Russian Federation, faster to apply for their passports.
This innovation will optimize the work of the LCA bodies and allow you to significantly scribble the time of processing requests for passports.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/uryad-sprostyv-proczeduru-oformlennya-pasportnyh-dokumentiv/ 
Kherson Ova opened a "hotline" to help the victims 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T-6:58:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:58:00+03:00
Description: The Kherson Ova launched a "hotline" to assist the victims as a result of flooding after blasting the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plant. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16861... ']
Tags: ['Херсонщина', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Гаряча лінія', 'Війна з Росією', 'Затоплення']
Type: Article
 Khersonova launched a "hotline" to help the victims as a result of flooding after the blasting of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station.
As Ukrinform reports, this was reported telegram channel Kakhovskaya "HPP | Info headquarters.
"Every indifferent citizen can call a" hotline "about assisting the victims of Kherson region - 0 800 101 102", - it is said.
According to the chief of OVA Oleksandr Proudin, now to eliminate all the consequences caused by the blasting of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, the region needs additional resources - both in technology and in live power.
“In order to eliminate the consequences of this catastrophe, we need additional resources, asam - bottled water, things, furniture and clothing for people who are left. Special equipment is also needed now for elimination. These are designers, ATVs, dump trucks, loaders, buses, rescue velette all that can be used to save a person in water », - said Proudin.
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: 600 -square kilometers of territory are flooded in Kherson region He added that Ova now needs people who are ready to work with operators of this "hotline".
As reported by Ukrinform, Russian troops made under June 6, the Podvikakhov Hydroelectric Power Plant . In this regard, there are risks to underwent energy in the Kherson region, in particular the Kherson TEPs. The evacuation of the population from potential flood areas is covered.
Foto: libkos 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720293-hersonska-ova-zapustila-garacu-liniu-dla-dopomogi-postrazdalim.html 
The Russian army fired at Sumy Region 13 times in a day 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T-7:57:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:57:00+03:00
Description: During the day, the Russian army fired at the border of Sumy region during the day, resulting in 79 explosions. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Сумщина', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Russian army fired at the border of Sumy region during the day, as a result, 79 explosions were heard.
According to Ukrinform, the Sumy Regional Military Administration reported in telegram .
Miropil and Belopil communities attacked the invaders from mortars, causing 16 and 13 explosions, respectively.
The Novoslobid community suffered from the enemy of the rocket strike. Three rockets were launched in its territory of the Rivne Helicopter.
Mortometric blows were struck by three more communities. In particular, 37 mines were dropped on the territory of the Kras Prasnopil.
In the middle of the Budsk community, five explosions were heard due to mortar shelling. The hostile fire is damaged by a private house, a Yelektrotrot car.
Read also: the enemy fired at Nikopol region five times, there is a victim The Russian troops attacked mortars and artillery - 16 explosions occurred from mortars and artillery.
As reported by Ukrinform, on June 7, Russian invaders attacked the border with 17 times Sumy region And, causing a total of 153 explosions.
The hostile shelling was suffered by Belopilsk, Yunakovskaya, Miropil, Khotinskaya, Shalyginsk, Seredi-Budsk, Esmanskaya, Znob-Novgorod Jelykopipepar communities.
Foto SNNS 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720296-rosijska-armia-za-den-13-raziv-obstrilala-prikordonna-sumsini.html 
Kakhovka water - Vilkul stopped in the reservoir southern 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T-8:55:55+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:55:55+03:00
Description: 
У Водосховище Південне Перестала Надходити Каховська Вода, Запасу Води Вистачить На 1,5 Місяці. — Укрінформ.: 
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Кривий Ріг', 'Вода', 'Каховське водосховище']
Type: Article
 Kakhovka water stopped coming to the southern water, the water supply will last for 1.5 months.
About it in telegram Head of the Kryvyi Rih military administration Alexander Vilkul wrote, Ukrinform reports.
"Today, at 03.20 nights, the level in the Kakhovka reservoir has fallen below the wading. And now it is lower than 12.5 meters, at a rate he.
According to him, in the southern reservoir itself, thanks to pre -performed works, there is a stock for 1.5 months, but with economical consumption.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719946-okupanti-znisili-kahovsku-ges-so-cekae-pivden-ukraini.html)In these 1.5 months, the authorities should implement a number of serious projects in order to continue to be with water.
Now in Kryvyi Rih "Kryvbasvodokanal" works almost in full -time mode, quality water It is controlled by specialists.
As reported by Ukrinform, on the night of June 6 the Russian army blown up the Dumbleukhove hydroelectric power station . Even before lunch, almost all of the station was discharged underwater, it is not recoverable.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720292-u-vodoshovise-pivdenne-perestala-nadhoditi-kahovska-voda-vilkul.html 
NATO decisions on expansion should be in the interests of the Allies and Ukraine - Stephanyshyn 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T-9:52:17+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:52:17+03:00
Description: The decision of the NATO Summit in Vilnius to expand the Alliance and the future membership of Ukraine should be approved solely in the interests of all allies and Ukraine, without fear before the response of Russia. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16819... ']
Tags: ['Литва', 'НАТО', 'Стефанішина']
Type: Article
 NATO's decisions in Vilnius to expand the Alliance and future membership of Ukraine are to be approved solely in the interests of all allies and Ukraine, without fear of Russia.
About this today during a virtual participation in a security conference, which was within the framework of the European Council of External Relations(ECFR)In Stockholm, Olga Stephanyshyn, Ukrinform correspondent, said Viceremier-Minister for European and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine.
“Whatever the NATO Summit Decision on Ukraine's membership, it should meet the interests of the Allies and Ukraine. It should not be accepted by the scattering of the fear before Moscow or fear of its reaction to the return of the territories of Ukraine. We do not have to allow Russia to blackmail us, ”the Ukrainian official said.
Read also: [Commission NATO -Ukraine held a meeting of the Kakakhovsky Hydroe(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720225-komisia-natoukraina-provela-zasidanna-sodo-kahovskoi-ges-domovilisa-pro-operativnu-dopomogu.html)She stressed that the decision of the summit in Vilnius will be an important signal for political leadership and for the people of Ukraine, which on the battlefield defends joint values, as well as its European and Euro -Atlantic future. Such solutions should not be limited to political declarations or memoranda, which, according to Stephanyshina, Ukraine has seen a lot over the past. These can be security guarantees, which are supported by specific administrative and military capabilities, specific obligations of the excavation of international organizations.
The Ukrainian viceremier recalled that granting Ukraine the status of a candidate country to entry into the EU has become a powerful incentive for the whole country in mobilization to reform even in war conditions, as well as an important factor in the implementation of an e-European path for other candidate countries, including Moldova and Georgia. The effect for Ukraine will also have a clear Euro -Atlantic perspective. Read also: New European Security Architecture is impossible without integration of Ukraine - Stephanyshina According to her, the Allies have no doubt that Ukraine will be a member of NATO. Ukraine has received enormous military assistance from NATO, it is moving to the full compatibility with the Alliance's troops and has powerful land forces that are most capable not only in Europe but in the world. Therefore, the Usuznikov has every reason to respond positively to the application of Ukraine on membership. At the same time, the "political choreography" of this process must still be worked out.
“My position may seem too radical or energetic. But it is worthwhile to get unique features of Ukrainian politics during a war, which is not always clear to others. Our armed forces and managers at local and central levels - we have become one. At some point, politicians began to think and evaluate the situation as the military. At the same time, our military, they know what we need to do to bring the country closer to the EU and NATO, it is an investment in the future for which they are fighting, ”Ukraine emphasized.
She stressed that during the year of the struggle, Ukrainians proved that Russia could not be in Ukraine by any of the military or political purposes. The war has left the unity of Ukrainian society in the fight against the enemy, as the question of survival and response to existential threats are higher than any political electoral processes or differences.
Read also: Stefanyshyn And counts on the political decision on Ukraine's members of NATO at a summit in Vilnius According to Stephanyshina, Russia has also received the opposite result in trying to understand the unity of the Allies and deny NATO expansion. Instead, it has received strong Euro -Atlantic solidarity and almost two thousand kilometers with the Alliance after Finland's entry and shortly - Sweden.It was reported that on July 11-12 in Vilnius there will be another NATO summit, which will consider the continuation of assistance to Ukraine in the fight against Russian aggression. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed his intention to personally take part in this storage. At the same time, at all levels, the Ukrainian side emphasized that assurances about the fact that "Ukraine will become a member of the Alliance", which were made during the NATO time summit in 2008, is not enough. Instead, the Ukrainian will be about NATO allies to provide safety guarantees of a touching movement for full membership in the Alliance.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720291-risenna-nato-sodo-rozsirenna-maut-vidpovidati-interesam-souznikiv-j-ukraini-stefanisina.html 
Poland has handed over pumps and water tanks to Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T0:00:00-04:00
Description: Warsaw handed over to Kiwa 10 great tanks for the main leaps and bounds productive pumps for ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' ukrpol.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ДОПОМОГА ПАРТНЕРІВ', 'ПОЛЬЩА', 'СВІТ ПІДТРИМУЄ УКРАЇНУ']
Category: News
 Warsaw handed over 10 large water tanks and 10 high -yielding pumps for pumping water from flooded areas as a result of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants.
The Minister of Internal Affairs and the Poland Administration Mariusz Kaminsky reported in Twitter .
«Через драматичне становище цивільного населення після того, як Росіязруйнувала дамбу на річці Дніпро в Новій Каховці, ми з прем’єр-міністромМатеушем Моравецьким ухвалили рішення передати Україні 10 цистерн для водимісткістю 18 тис. літрів і 10 високопродуктивних насосів», — написав МаріушКамінський.
Він також подякував керівництву Пожежної служби Польщі, яка надала цюдопомогу.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/polshha-peredala-ukrayini-nasosy-i-czysterny-dlya-vody/ 
The water level in the Kakhovka reservoir dropped below the "dead point" - Ukrhydroenergo 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T0:15:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:15:00+03:00
Description: The water level in the Kakhovka reservoir reached 12.5, which is below the "dead point". - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15570... ']
Tags: ['Каховська ГЕС', 'Укргідроенерго', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The water level of the Kakhovka reservoir reached 12.5, which is below the "dead point".
This was announced by the CEO of Ukrhydroenergo Igor Sirota in the Eviritelaphone "Unified News", Ukrinform reports.
“The level is already 12.5 meters. This is lower than the "dead" point 12.7 meters, when we can no longer do water intake in settlements and for the Zaporizhzhya NPP, " - the orphan.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720284-zbitki-agrosektora-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-mozut-sagnuti-15-milarda.html)According to him, if the current rate of falling of the reservoir is 1 meter a day, then the fall process can last about seven to eight days.
"If the dam at the bottom is destroyed to the very base, the depth of the reservoir is no more than three meters, namely decreasing in width of 3.5 kilometers as a chip to a blast, up to 1 - 1.2 kilometer to the construction of the reservoir itself, " - explained the head of" Ukrhydroenergo ".
At the same time, he informed that one half of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station is already underwater, and the other half is already 70% in water. In particular, in words, the earthen insert between the gateway and the station is also underwater and can be erosion.
Read also: NATO-Ukraine commission held a meeting on Kakhovskaya HPP-agreed on prompt assistance "We are developing a preliminary project for building a jumper that will start how much Kakhovka will be devoted," the orphan said.
He said that it took at least two months to build a jumper, 24/7 will have to be afole.
The CEO of Ukrhydroenergo noted that it would pump all the water, see the consequences of the blast and dismantle the hydroelectric power plant to construct a nest.
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: in Ukrhydroenerg O is they say that the flood is already behind "We will need two months to the top jumper, two months - on the lower cross. We will block, stop this flow of water, so that we begin to slowlycop the Kakhovka reservoir slowly," he emphasized.As reported by Ukrinform, on the night of June 6, the Russian army undermined the Greblyukakhov hydroelectric power station . Rescue work and evacuation measures from flooding places continue in Kherson region. The situation remains in the temporarily occupied territories, de -Russian invaders have left the civilians without any help, while the access of Ukraine's rescue services to these people is extremely complicated.
On the fact of undermining the occupiers of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, law enforcement officers began investigation under the article "Ecocid".
Ukrhydroenergo stated that the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station is completely destroyed and recoverable.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720299-riven-vodi-u-kahovskomu-vodoshovisi-opustivsa-nizce-mertvoi-tocki-ukrgidroenergo.html 
The invaders were not ready for the consequences 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T10:00:00-04:00
Description: Yak Doldomlya General Staff of the ZS Ukrainian, Porty did not Bulk Gotii to Naslidkiv ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, War with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo_5190484805354113852_y.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГЕНЕРАЛЬНИЙ ШТАБ ЗС УКРАЇНИ', 'ОПЕРАТИВНА ІНФОРМАЦІЯ']
Category: News
 🔥 Situation of the Russian invasion 
As reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, the invaders were not ready for the consequences of the underworld of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, suffered losses in live power, weapons and military equipment.
In particular, the units of the 7th Airborne Assault Division and the 22nd Army Corps of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation are injured, dead and missing. Also, these units lost several field warehouses with ammunition and provisions, automobile and armored vehicles, and other military property.
At the same time, on June 6, a mass evacuation of civilian population from Misakakhovka took place, during which people used their own road transport. Russian -owned by civilian routes were used with civilian populations. During such movement, the invaders used locals as a live shield.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/okupanty-ne-buly-gotovi-do-naslidkiv-pidryvu-grebli-kahovskoyi-ges/ 
Russian agent in Ukraine is eradicated with a frantic pace - Danilov 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T10:02:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:02:00+03:00
Description: NSDC Secretary Alexei Danilov stressed that the Russian agent is eradicated both in Ukraine and in partner countries at a frantic pace. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16778... ']
Tags: ['РНБО', 'Шпигун', 'Данілов', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Oleksiy Danilov, Secretarrno, stressed that Russian agent is eradicated both in Ukraine and in partner countries at a frantic pace.
According to Ukrinform, he told about it on the air Ukrainian radio .
"I want to say that there are so many processes in recent times. In this Tszarin, more and more countries are found in their territory of so -called" agents of influence ", direct spies that worked for the Russian Federation. Two or three years in the past and that is now, they are crazy shifts in this field. Recently, I am seeking the Security Service of Ukraine, military counterintelligence, counterintelligence, which are more and more finding more and more of those people who were in one time. We performed certain tasks, and we almost every day we have the report of the head of the Child General's Security Service with the results that the Security Service of Ukraine has, ”Danilov said.
As for other countries, he said "the introduction of the Russian language of promotion of the so -called" Russian world "occurs under the cover of the Russian special services.
Read also: [since the beginning of the war Russia has made more(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720279-z-pocatku-vijni-rosia-vcinila-ponad-desat-sprob-zamahu-na-budanova-gur.html)"This is an influence. The Russian Church is a separate conversation in general. They work for the Russian FSB. Where they have that God, if their churchmen say that they must go and kill children, people. Nowadays you will find such things in the commandments of God, but those people who are aware that they are relevant to the church, they give direct instructions. It is the church of the Moscow Patriarchate, which has nothing to do. These are athletes and all other institutions. Some journalists do not row from the hands of the Russian agency in order to be certain narratives In the light of being about the lie that they spread relative to our country. We are now working out in these areas and we and partners, "the NSDC Secretary said.
With regard to specific names of spies and agents of Russian influence in Ukraine Danilov He noted that they are known."We do not have a single day so that Vasily the baby does not report to the president. . They understand what is threatening. You see how many diplomats and other Russians make non -grata persons in their Russian swamps are forbidden to enter their territory. This happens almost every day. But not always publicly, "he researched.
As reported by Ukrinform, Danilov does not exclude that in Ukraine there may be bilateral agreements with NATO member countries, regarding their adherence in our country as representatives of the Alliance or in other viewing
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720312-rosijsku-agenturu-v-ukraini-vikorinuut-salenimi-tempami-danilov.html 
In the US, the Hollywood actor was detained for participating in the Capitol's storm 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T11:10:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:10:00+03:00
Description: The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) of the United States detained the Capitol in January 2021 of Hollywood actor Jay Johnston. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_14591... ']
Tags: ['США', 'Суд', 'Капітолій']
Type: Article
 Federal Bureau of Investigation(FBI)The United States detained the Capitol for participation in January 2021 of Hollywood actor Jay Johnston.
According to Ukrinform, it reports The Hollywood Reporter .
The Ministry of Justice made Johnston's accusation of his argument in the Capitol on January 6, 2021. Also against him were the accusations of "organization of public unrest, prohibited input or retraining in a building or in the territory, violation of public order, and also interfere with the passage through the territory or building of the Capitol."
Read also: [storm Capitol : A man who has fallen behind Stilpelos(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713800-sturm-kapitoliu-colovika-akij-vdersa-za-stil-pelosi-zasudili-na-45-roku.html)Law enforcement officers detained the actor on Wednesday in Los Angeles.
Foto: Neilson Barnard / Getty Images 
The FBI reported that according to flights, Johnston flew to Washington on January 4, returned to Los Angeles on January 7.
The actor is known, in particular, the roles in the series "Mr. Shaw" and the cartoon series "Each Bob".
Read also: [in the US assault participant Capitol Iu was sentenced to 14 years(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705563-u-ssa-ucasnika-sturmu-kapitoliu-zasudili-do-14-rokiv.html)As reported by Ukrinform, on January 6, 2021, the crowd moved to the US building after the calls of Donald Trump to restore justice to reconnect the "stolen elections". Five people were killed in the course of these events, and hundreds of wounds were held.
After that, law enforcement agencies made official accusations of more than 1.2 thousand stories. The House of Representatives formed a special committee that investigated these events.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720010-u-ssa-zatrimali-gollivudskogo-aktora-za-ucast-u-sturmi-kapitolia.html 
Another minus 730 occupants, 18 tanks and 28 artsystems: daily loss of enemy 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T12:00:00-04:00
Description: Zagalni Boyov, take the enemy on 02.24.22 to 08/08/23 Orintovo to become: ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, War With Ukraine in 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' vtraty_06-08-2023-scaled.jpg ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ВТРАТИ ВОРОГА', 'ГЕНЕРАЛЬНИЙ ШТАБ ЗС УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 * 🔥 Situation on Russian invasion *
The total fighting loss of the enemy from 24.02.22 to 08.06.23 will be orientated:
Personnel - * 212760(+730)persons eliminated tanks - 3891(+18) combat armored vehicles - 7576(+16) Artillery Systems - 3668(+28) RSZV - 595(+1) air defense means - 355(+3) aircraft - 314(0) helicopters - * 299(0) UAV Operative Tactical Level- 3234(+15) Winged missiles - 1171(0) ships / boats - * 18(0) Automobile equipment and tanks - 6384(+35) Special equipment - 500(+8)The data is specified ...
Beat the occupier!Let's win together!Our strength is in truth!
Source: General Staff of Armed Forces As of 08.06.23.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/shhe-minus-730-okupantiv-18-tankiv-ta-28-artsystem-dobovi-vtraty-voroga/ 
Greta Tunberg demands to punish Russia for ecocide in Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T12:17:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:17:00+03:00
Description: Having destroyed the dam of Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, Russia has caused ecocide, for which it must be punished. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15796... ']
Tags: ['Росія', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Тунберг']
Type: Article
 Destroying Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, Russia has caused ecocide, for which it is necessary to be bored.
According to Ukrinform correspondent, about it on its page on the network Twitter The Swedish eco -activist Greta Tunberg wrote.
“This ecocide is a continuation of the unjustified full -scale invasion of Russia Dirozki. This is another crime that has taken out the language in the world. Our views again in Russia, which should be held accountable for its rank, ”Tunberg wrote.
Read also: water level in Kakhovsk ohm the reservoir dropped than the "dead point" - Ukrhydroenergo As reported by Ukrinform, Russian troops made under June 6, the Podvikakhov Hydroelectric Power Plant . In this regard, there are risks to underwent energy in the Kherson region, in particular the Kherson TEPs. The evacuation of the population from potential flood areas is covered.
Today, Volodymyr Zelenskyy appealed to the representatives of the world environmental community, urging them to consolidate efforts to make Russia a responsibility for ecocid, and Ukraine does not remain alone with the tragedy.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720315-greta-tunberg-vimagae-pokarati-rosiu-za-ekocid-v-ukraini.html 
Zavatska was unable to go out to the 1/4 finals of the Challenger's WTA in Croatia 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T13:25:36+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:25:36+03:00
Description: Katarina Zavatskaya has completed a performance at the Challenger Series - Makarska Open - Makarsk (Croatia) with a prize fund of $ 115,000 - Ukrinform ahead of time.
Images: [' 630_360_16860... ']
Tags: ['Теніс']
Type: Article
 Ukrainiancatharina Zavatska completed the performance at the Women's Tennis Association tournament ahead of schedule(WTA)Challenger series - Makarska Open - in Makarsk(Croatia)With a $ 115 thousand
For the exit to the quarterfinals of the competition 23-year-old Volynyanka(№218 WTA)In the second conflict 3 hours 5 minutes gave way to the 53rd "rackets" of the Italian Jasmine Paolini- 2: 6, 6: 4, 6: 7(10:12), reports Ukrinform.
Read also: Ukrainian Bindl won Russian Astakhov in 1/8 WTA Finanurbance in Croatia The tournament in Croatia will last until June 11.
Photo: j48tennis.net.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720317-zavacka-ne-zmogla-vijti-do-14-finalu-cellendzera-wta-v-horvatii.html 
Dmytro Kuleba discussed with NATO Secretary -General Future Summit in Vilnius: Ukraine is a valuable asset for the Alliance 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T14:00:00-04:00
Description: Minist of the law enforcement agencies of Ukraine Dmitro Kuleb that general secretary of NATO єns ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' dmytro-kuleba-zaklykav.jpg ']
Tags: ['ДМИТРО КУЛЕБА', 'ЄНС СТОЛТЕНБЕРГ', 'УКРАЇНА – НАТО']
Category: News
 Foreign Minister of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba and Natons Secretary General Stoltenberg discussed the movement of Ukraine to membership in the Alliance, the provision of ammunition and the provision of humanitarian assistance to the victims of the Kakhovsk Hydroelectric Power Plant.
The head of Ukrainian diplomacy reported Obliga Twitter.
“I had a conversation with Jens Stoltenberg about the future NATO summit. In general, it makes sense for the Alliance to take a decisive step towards Ukraine's membership. We are not NATO's aspiration on the battlefield to put an end to this war. We strive to get the best guarantees to prevent future wars, ”he wrote.
Dmytro Kuleba stressed that in fifteen years the reality has changed dramatically, and NATO's approach should also change.
“The difference between 2008 and the present time is that Ukraine is now a valuable asset for the Alliance, not passive. Ukraine will make NATO stronger, ”he will be in his post.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine also emphasized the stable provision of nursing ammunition to ensure the effectiveness of the counter -offensive operations of Ukraine, noting that the future of Ukraine but the Euro -Atlantic community is now being solved on the battlefield.
In addition, to mitigate the crisis caused by the destruction of Kakhovskaya Damba, Jens Stoltenberg promised that NATO mechanisms will be used to provide humanitarian aid.
"In this regard, he will head tomorrow the emergency meeting of the Ukraine-Ukraine, called at my request," Dmytro Kuleba added.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/dmytro-kuleba-obgovoryv-iz-gensekom-nato-majbutnij-samit-u-vilnyusi-ukrayina-czinnyj-aktyv-dlya-alyansu/ 
The President held a meeting on water provision of Dnipropetrovsk region 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T14:26:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:26:00+03:00
Description: During his working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region, Volodymyr Zelensky held a meeting on the implementation of the projects of the main water supply systems for replacement of those that were powered from the Kakhovka reservoir to provide water from the inhabitants of the region. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Дніпропетровщина', 'Вода', 'Зеленський', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 During the time trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region, Volodymyr Zelenskyi Provinovrad on the sale of the projects of the main water supply systems for replacement of those that were living from the Kakhovka reservoir to provide water from residents of the region.
About it reports Presidential Office, transmits Ukrinform.
Head of the Dnipropetrovsk Regional Military Administration Sergey Lisakdopopov was that he undermined dams at the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station led to problems with the provision of residents of the cities of Kryvyi Rih, Manganese, Pokrov and Nikopol. In particular, the water utilities in the Intercession and manganese were stopped. These cities now have the transportation of water by means of rail and road transport.
Video: Presidential Office 
In his turn, Viceremer for the restoration of Ukraine - Minister of Community Development, Territories and Infrastructure Alexander Kubrakov informed about the projected water buildings "Karachunovsky Reservoir - Kryvyi Rih - Southern Daugoid", "Manganese - Nikopol" and "Khortytsa - Tomakivka". According to him, the realization of these projects will allow to provide quality drinking water of people in the aftermath of the areas.
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Zelensky addressed the experience of the ecological community In addition, the planned expansion of the well network in Dnipropetrovsk region and carrying out a reconstruction of existing water pipes.
"The information of the chairman of the Defense of Kryvyi Rih Oleksandravilkul, the Marganets mayor Gennady Borovik, the Nikopol City chairman Alexander Sayuk and Pokrovsky mayor Alexander Alexander was also heard about the water supply of citizens," - the message reads.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720292-u-vodoshovise-pivdenne-perestala-nadhoditi-kahovska-voda-vilkul.html)It is noted that Volodymyr Zelenskyy has instructed to work out questions about the recovery of additional equipment for transportation of water to settlements. Foto: op 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720319-prezident-proviv-naradu-sodo-zabezpecenna-vodou-dnipropetrovskoi-oblasti.html 
Danilov: The consequences of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station for Russia will be catastrophic 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T15:37:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:37:00+03:00
Description: For Ukraine, the consequences of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station will be scary, but they will be catastrophic for the Russians. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16807... ']
Tags: ['Каховська ГЕС', 'Данілов', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 For Ukraine, the consequences of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station will be scary, but they will be catastrophic for Russians.
According to Ukrinform, about it in interview Ukrainian radio The secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Alexei Danilov said.
He assured that in September-October last year, the Ukrainian side warned that the Russians laid explosives directly at the station and were ready to carry out this terrorist act at any time.
Read also: Russian agent in Ukraine is eradicated with a frantic pace- Danilov "It was done directly by Putin's order , and the world community has to give a good thing for terrorists, "Danilov emphasized.
He noted that the time would pass and we will be able to calculate all the losses caused by the undergoing of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station. "Believe me, the consequences for our country will be terrible, but for the Russians they will be just catastrophic. Because they will tell all this. And those people in the Kremlin who were instructed to tear the dam will be responsible for it. , - he emphasized.
Read also: Danilov does not exclude the possibility of individual two -sided agreements with NATO countries As reported by Ukrinform, on the night of June 6, the Russian army undermined the Greblyukakhov hydroelectric power station . Rescue work and evacuation measures from flooding places continue in Kherson region. The situation remains in the temporarily occupied territories, de -Russian invaders have left the civilians without any help, while the access of Ukraine's rescue services to these people is extremely complicated.
On the fact of undermining the occupiers of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, law enforcement officers began investigation under the article "Ecocid".
Ukrhydroenergo stated that the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station is completely destroyed and recoverable.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720318-danilov-naslidki-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-dla-rosii-budut-katastroficnimi.html 
In Ukraine a moment of silence 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T16:00:00-04:00
Description: Zgіdnu by decree of the president of Ukraine Volodimir Zelensky No. 143/2022, Khvilina Movchannya ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last ones for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' candle.gif ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'УКАЗ ПРЕЗИДЕНТА УКРАЇНИ', 'ХВИЛИНА МОВЧАННЯ']
Category: News
 According to with Presidential Decree Volodymyrazellensky No. 143/2022, a minute of silence is spent daily at 9:00, it is beyond the media.
“For the purpose of honoring light memory, civic courage and dedication, strength of spirit, stability and heroic feat of warriors who died in the performance of flew tasks for the protection of state sovereignty and territorial compatibility To initiate a day at 9 o'clock 00 minutes of a nationwide minute of silence to the songs, who were killed as a result of armed aggression of the Russian Federation in the contrary of Ukraine, which to declare in all media, regardless of ownership, ”the document reads.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/ 
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: UN condemned by Russia's evacuation areas from the disaster zone 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T16:42:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:42:00+03:00
Description: A group of countries in the UN, including Ukraine, its partners in the Security Council and the EU countries, strongly condemn the shelling of Russian evacuation areas in the disaster zone caused by the undermining of the Kakhovsky dam. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16357... ', ' 1686257186-88... ']
Tags: ['ООН', 'Кислиця', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 Groupacraine in the UN, including Ukraine, its partners in the Security Council and the EU countries, strongly condemn the fires of Russian evacuation areas in the zoicastrophe caused by the undermining of the Kakhovsky dam.
According to Ukrinform, he read the statement to the posts of post -deputy of Ukraine when the UN Sergey Kislytsia was read to reporters.
"We strongly condemn the shelling of the evacuation areas and urge the Russian federation to stop such attacks and allow the evacuation groups to safely assist the victims of the civilian population," the statement reads.
Read also: in UN Criticized Zelensky - the organization is engaged in physical rescue of people Kyslytsy noted that, according to Kherson's local authorities, at least nine people, including police officers, doctors, were wounded as a result of a fire that occurred during the evacuation.
The authors of the statement also urged the Russian Federation to provide full, safe and retrorective access to the affected areas on the left bank of the Dnieper, which are under its military control, humanitarian organizations, including the UN and ICCC, to assist the victims.
Kyslytsia read the statement in the presence of representatives of the countries, is its authors. These are, in particular, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Malta, Albania, Japan, EU states.
 Foto: Vladimir Ilchenko, Ukrinform 
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: UN UN They say that Ukraine helps to overcome the consequences from the first day As reported by Ukrinform, Russian troops made under June 6, the Podvikakhov Hydroelectric Power Plant .
Фото: Alexandros Michailidis/Shutterstock
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720320-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-v-oon-zasudili-obstrili-rosieu-rajoniv-evakuacii-iz-zoni-katastrofi.html 
The International Court of Hague allowed Lithuania to join Ukraine against Russia 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:16:56+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T17:16:56+03:00
Description: The International Court of Hague allowed Lithuania to join the case of Ukraine against Russia about war crimes. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16460... ']
Tags: ['Гаага', 'Литва', 'Суд', 'Україна проти Росії', 'Воєнні злочини', 'МКС']
Type: Article
 The International Court of Hague allowed Lithuania to join the case of Ukraine against Russia.
According to Ukrinform, the Minister of Justice of Lithuania Evelynadobrovolskaya said this, reports LRT .
“We have recently been informed that this week the International Court confirmed Thadus Lithuania to join the case of Ukraine against Russia,(...)We are glad that we have supported the confirmation that we can enter this case, we are entering, and now we have to provide their written explanations during the month, ” - said.
She emphasized that the war continues and the number of episodes that have caused investigation against Russia, such as an explosion on [Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station].(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-kahovska-ges)that happened this week, the international community was brazen.
“Every new episode is evaluated, and sometimes it is very difficult to say how many indictments will be, how many indictments, by which composition, we see war, new episodes, probably, no one can appreciate the scale now, because it is not only about war crimes, We are talking about the seeds that will definitely affect society, infrastructure and nature, ”the Minister of Justice said.
Read also: in the UN International Court of Public Hearings " Ukraine against Russia" Last year, Lithuania officially filed a petition for joining the case against the Russian Federation on war crimes to the International Court of Justice in the Hague.
Ukraine, Lithuania and other countries of the region also seek to investigate the crimes of Russian aggression, which would allow the Kremlin leaders' reference.
As reported by Ukrinform, the International Court of the United Nations from June 6 to June 14, 2023 conducts public hearings in the case of Russia's violation of two conventions - on the fight against terrorism financing and the ban on all forms of racial existence.
On November 8, 2019, the United Nations International Court of Justice recognized its jurisdiction in this case.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720152-miznarodnij-sud-u-gaazi-dozvoliv-litvi-vstupiti-u-spravu-ukraina-proti-rosii.html 
The National Council has granted a speech permit in Kherson's Army FM Radio Stations 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:25:12+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T17:25:12+03:00
Description: The National Television and Radio Broadcasting Council issued a temporary broadcasting permit in Kherson by the FM Army and Radio Promin Radio in Kramatorsk and Nikolaev. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15626... ']
Tags: ['Херсон', 'Нацрада', 'Радіо']
Type: Article
 The National Television and Radio Broadcasting Council issued a permission from the Military Radio Army FM and Radio Promin Radio and Nikolaev.
Such solution The regulator approved at the meeting on June 8, Ukrinform reports.
“The National Council considered the issue of temporary temporary permits. With increased power of 99.0 MHz transmitters in Khersonomy the radio station "FM Army - Military Radio" of the Central TV and Radio Studio Studio of Defense MHC in Nikolaev, ”the message reads.
Read also: National Council canceled licenses of seven channels of Murayev, Shufrich and Medvedchuk It was reported that the National Council for Television and Radio Broadcasts has capitrated licenses of the channels "Our", "Maxi TV", "112", NewsOne, ZIK, UKRLIVE and "First Independent".
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720156-nacrada-nadala-dozvil-na-movlenna-v-hersoni-radiostancii-armia-fm.html 
Majlis: In Crimea - problems in cities that receive water from the North Crimean Canal 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:27:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T17:27:00+03:00
Description: In the temporarily occupied Crimea, after the blasting of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants, there were problems with water in cities that receive it from the North Crimean Canal. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16776... ']
Tags: ['Крим', 'Вода', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 After the occupied Crimea, after blasting the Russians of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, problems with water in cities that receive it from the North Crimeal Canal have begun.
This was reported in a comment to Ukrinform by the Head of Legal Affairs Department of the Taza -border Affairs of the Majlis of the Crimean Tatar people, the chairman of the Board of the Criminal Tatar Resource Center Skender Bariyev.
“The invaders turned to the population to stock up on drinking water, to supplement the water on the schedule. There was a restriction of water supply in Simferopol, Kerch, Theodosius, Dzhanka - these cities received water from the North Crimsal Canal. They also restrict water supply in small settlements. The problem is also in Evpatoria, ”Bariyev said.
According to him, the invaders are currently explaining the problems with water, repair work and more.
“But in recent months, there have been many rainfall in Crimea. In addition, people see that after Kakhovskaya's blasting HPP The quality of the water was worse, the pressure decreased, ”Bariyev added.
Read also: Russians undermining the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station created a problem for restoration of Crimea after de -occupation - Chubarov The Majlis representative added that he is informed that the water level of the intake canal is now reduced by 15-20 cm.
As reported, according to the Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Alexei Danilov, as a result of the undermining of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, the supply of water to the occupied Crimea in the near future will become physically impossible. 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3720157-u-krimu-problemi-z-vodou-v-mistah-aki-otrimuut-ii-z-pivnicnokrimskogo-kanalu.html 
Zhytomyr exhibits old devices and rare globes 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:28:31+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T17:28:31+03:00
Description: The Zhytomyr Regional Museum opened the exhibition "Look in the Universe", which exhibits ancient devices, rare globes, geographical and star maps from the collection of science, paleontologist Yuri Shevela. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Музей', 'Наука', 'Житомир']
Type: Article
 The Zdimomyrsky Regional Museum opened the Exhibition "View of the Usevit", which exhibits ancient devices, rare globes, geographical and star maps from the collection of science popularizer, paleontologuria of the Shevela.
This was reported by Ukrinform correspondent.
“This exhibition is devoted to the history of measurement. Its goal is to show the history of measuring in devices and how in stages people went to measure. In particular, the exhibits that tell about the history of the calendar, the measurements of the sparse sky, the navigant tools, the metrology, the metric system, ”the scales.
According to him, most exhibited devices are mechanical. It was people who, in particular, measured the diameter of the Earth, the distance from [Earth].(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-zemla)to the sun.
Read also: [Russians plundered the Khersonstaurian Museum-Reserve]]](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3712957-rosiani-rozgrabuvali-muzejzapovidnik-hersones-tavrijskij.html)At the exhibition "View in the Universe" presents ancient telescopes, solar -hourly, microscopes, theodolites, astrolabia, sections, military spheres, compasses, rare books in astronomy, rare globes, geographical tailed maps of the XVIII - early XX century. "From mythology to Observatory."

 
As reported by Ukrinform, the International Council of Museums(ICOM)Together with the Ministry of Culture and Information Policy, they prepared “ Extraordinary Red Culture of Cultural Values Under Threat - Ukraine ”.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3720160-u-zitomiri-eksponuut-starovinni-priladi-ta-raritetni-globusi.html 
Russian soldiers in the north of Crimea do not allow farmers to cultivate fields - human rights activists 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:29:24+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T17:29:24+03:00
Description: The Russian soldiers in the north of the temporarily occupied Crimean peninsula do not allow farmers to cultivate fields, and the inhabitants of coastal areas warned that there would be no resort season. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16154... ']
Tags: ['Крим', 'Фермер', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Russian in the north of the temporarily occupied Crimean peninsula does not allow the fields to cultivate the fields, and the inhabitants of the coastal areas were warned that there will be no rock season.
The human rights movement "Crimean Idea" in [Facebook] reported about it.(https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=pfbid02LTxbqNYYoMW253aX2TPJJp2A66i1GXsU9UGqcGDYzph5B3PPVXU21u2q71edY8Vql&id=101419302493397), reports Ukrinform.
"The Russian soldiers do not let farmers in the north of Crimea to cultivate their fields, and the inhabitants of coastal areas have warned that the resort season will not and at any time be the beach will be completely closed for the passage," - the testimony said.
Read also: in Crimea u have problems with water in cities that hold it from the North Crimean Canal It is also noted that experts of the "Crimean idea" recorded the implementation of materials. Human rights activists add that there is information on the indefinitely the military in the mini -agents in the regions where formations are being built on the seashore.
As it was reported, the demand for renting housing for summer holidays in the temporary -mentioned Crimea among the Russians has fallen record - up to 1%.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3720161-rosijski-vijskovi-na-pivnoci-krimu-ne-puskaut-fermeriv-obroblati-pola-pravozahisniki.html 
China stated that he was ready to assist the victims as a result of the destruction of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:30:35+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T17:30:35+03:00
Description: China is ready to send humanitarian aid to Ukraine to the victims of flooding caused by the blasting of the Russian military dams of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16861... ']
Tags: ['Гуманітарна допомога', 'Китай', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 The China to send humanitarian assistance to the victims of the flooding caused by the blasting of the Kakhovska Hydroe Phrusions.
A spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China Vanvenbin said this at a briefing, Ukrinform correspondent reports.
Van noted that China was "seriously concerned" about the destruction of the Game and Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Structures and its humanitarian, economic and economic consequences.
"We urge all aspects of the conflict to respect international humanitarian law and do everything possible to protect the civilian population and the safety of civilians," the diplomat said.
According to him, in the present circumstances, the key priority is to "make efforts to save the inhabitants of the affected areas and adequately response of a crazy evil."
Van recalled that from the beginning of "crisis"(So in Beijing is called the Rosiyani Solved against Ukraine)China holds its own position and "played a constructive role in facilitating people's lives in Ukraine."
Read also: China ** reacted to Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Improvement “We have put forward a number of proposals, including the initiative of six points in order to enlist the humanitarian situation in Ukraine, and sent to Ukraine several parties of humanitarian cargoes. We are ready to continue to make efforts in this way, ”Van said.
However, he did not specify what kind of humanitarian aid, China plans to provide.
As reported by Ukrinform, in the nose against June 6 Russian troops of the underground hydroelectric power station . Part of Kherson was flooded and another 80 -painted points were flooded. On the Right Bank of the region, evacuation of people of anesthetics is organized.
Prosecutor General Andrew Kostin informed the Ambassador of the Chinese People's Republic in Ukraine Fan Sianzhun On the investigation into the Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power Plant.
Foto: libkos 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720162-kitaj-zaaviv-so-gotovij-nadati-dopomogu-postrazdalim-unaslidok-rujnuvanna-kahovskoi-ges.html 
Klitschko signed Nikoryak's statement about dismissal from the post of Director of the KSCA Department 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:32:17+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T17:32:17+03:00
Description: Kyiv Mayor Vitaliy Klitschko has signed a statement about the dismissal of the Director of the Department of Cultural Heritage of KSCA Alexander Nikoryak. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16696... ']
Tags: ['КМДА', 'Віталій Кличко', 'Звільнення']
Type: Article
 Kyiv City Chairman Vitaliy Klitschko signed an application for dismissal of the Directorate of the Cultural Heritage Protection of KSCA Alexander Nikoryak.
Klitschko reported this in telegram , reports Ukrinform.
"Oleksandr Nikoryak signed the statement," the capital said.
As reported by Ukrinform, Klitschko [declared his intention to release Alexandrakoryak for violation of the curfew]](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3719543-direktora-departamentu-kmda-nikoraka-zvilnat-za-porusenna-komendantskoi-godini-klicko.html) .
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3720163-klicko-pidpisav-zaavu-nikoraka-pro-zvilnenna-z-posadi-direktora-departamentu-kmda.html 
The United Kingdom has introduced new sanctions against Belarus 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:35:37+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T17:35:37+03:00
Description: According to the new sanctions legislation, the United Kingdom will be able to restrict exports from Belarus and stop Russia's attempts to bypass sanctions. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16569... ']
Tags: ['Білорусь', 'Британія', 'Санкції', 'Росія']
Type: Article
 According to the deployment of sanctions, the United Kingdom will be able to restrict the export from Belarus and stop Russia's attempts to bypass sanctions.
According to Ukrinform, this is reported in the Prescribe on the site government.
“This new package(sanctions - ed.)Increases economic pressure on Lukashenko's Tai regime, which actively contributes to Russia's military efforts and ignore Ukraine, ”said the head of the British Foreign Ministry Jamskleverly.
The United Kingdom has banned imports to the country of gold, cement, and Taucchuk's wood from Belarus. Exports to [Belarus] are also blocked(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-bilorus)From Britain, banknotes and equipment, goods, technologies and materials that can be used for production and biological weapons.
In addition to regulating imports and exports, London interfere with the Medical Media companies to spread propaganda in Britain by constraining from Belarusian media sites.
Read also: Lukashenko's associate lost to the Sanci and the Court of Justice According to a new package of sanctions, restrictions will be able to apply Doblizk and relatives of those persons from Belarus who are already under sanctions.
In addition, the expansion of sanctions provides restrictions for Belarus access to the UK's pre -financial markets.
The United Kingdom has imposed sanctions on more than 100 people and organizations that participated, maintained or contributed to the oppression of fundamental rights and freedoms of man in Belarus.
According to Ukrinform, in March this year, the United States imposed new anti -Bilorus sanctions.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720165-velika-britania-zaprovadila-novi-sankcii-proti-bilorusi.html 
In the captured Volnovak, the explosions and the disappearance of communication are reported 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:40:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T17:40:00+03:00
Description: From the temporarily captured Russian military Volnovakha, Donetsk region, they report explosions and disappearance. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16699... ']
Tags: ['Вибух', 'Волноваха', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Similarly captured by Russian military volumes of Donetsk region reports about explosions and disappearance of communication.
As Ukrinform reports, about it in telegram Petro Andryushchenko informed the advisor to the Mariupol City chairman.
“Volnovakha reports explosions . OB16: 10 at least ten. In part, the aircraft of the invaders. But the locals see the "arrivals" seeds. The connection has disappeared, ”Andryushchenko wrote.
Read also: Russians killed three civilians per day Donetsk in, still seven wounded As reported by Ukrinform, the invaders in April 2023 to transfer their military equipment bypassing Mariupol - across the river Kalmius on Volnovakha.
In the Mariupol district, the number of explosions has been recorded recently.
_ Photo illustrative_
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720167-u-zahoplenij-volnovasi-povidomlaut-pro-vibuhi-ta-zniknenna-zvazku.html 
467 inhabitants of flooded villages were evacuated in Mykolaiv region 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:41:26+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T17:41:26+03:00
Description: In the Nikolaev area, 467 inhabitants of villages flooded due to the dismantling of the Russians of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station were evacuated. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16860... ']
Tags: ['Евакуація', 'Миколаївщина', 'Віталій Кім']
Type: Article
 The Mimikov region evacuated 467 inhabitants of villages flooded through the Kakhovsky hydroelectric power station.
This was reported by the head of the regional military administration Vitaliy Kim in telegram , reports Ukrinform.
“An additional headquarters was created in Mykolaiv region, which works around the clock. Cesniguriv and Gorokhiv communities. Currently, 274 houses have been flooded, 467 people were evacuated from the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power of Kakhovka. There is one sacrifice, ”Kim said.
Read also: [on Nikolaevs Inf(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720006-na-mikolaivsini-vnaslidok-pidtoplenna-zaginuv-colovik.html)According to him, the pace of lifting water is slowed down, but the situation is aware that the rivers Southern Bug and Ingulets have their currents. Ahovtric Dnieper water blocked the access to the sea, then the level in the rivers is high.
As for the city of Nikolaev, there may be flooding, but critical stations, which would be about evacuation of the city, is not said, said Kim.
Read also: on Nikolaev Influo water in rivers does not have significant expenditures of harmful substances - Kim “All services work, banned fish sale, water quality is monitored. The situation is stable, ”said Ova chairman.
As it was reported, in the water of the Southern Bug and Ingulets in Mykolaiv region, significant excesses of the maximum permissible concentration of harmful substances are not fixed.
Photo: Ukrzaliznytsia, illustrative
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720168-na-mikolaivsini-evakuuvali-467-ziteliv-pidtoplenih-sil.html 
Cato and Puc won "Rolan Harros" in the mixture 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:43:01+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T17:43:01+03:00
Description: For Kato and Puc, this victory was the first in the tournament Grand Slem in his career. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Теніс']
Type: Article
 For the Cathot Puc, this victory was the first in the tournament Grand Slem in his career.
The Japanese tennis player Mia Kato and German Tim Puc became the champions of Rolan Harros in a mixed discharge, Ukrinform reports.
In the finals, they beat Bianca Andreesk from Canada and Michael Venus from New Zeland - 4: 6, 6: 4, 10: 6.
For Kato and Puc, this victory was the first in the tournament of the series Grand Slem Vacher.
Last week, Kato and Aldola Schidiahi was disqualified from the steam room, but that Japanese accidentally knocked the ball into the Bold. The Japanese was deprived of all the prizes for the even discharge.
Read also: [ Teny C:(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719634-tenis-svontek-vijsla-u-pivfinal-rolan-garros.html)As reported by Ukrinform, today, June 8, there are semi -final matches on Rolan Harros among women.
Photo: Jimmie48
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720170-kato-i-puc-vigrali-rolan-garros-u-miksti.html 
Britain is devoted to the long -term support of Ukraine - Sunak 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:48:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:48:00+03:00
Description: The UK Prime Minister Risha Sunak called the "decisive" contribution of the US to support Ukraine and assured that his country was committed to the victory of the forces of democracy and freedom. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16688... ']
Tags: ['Британія', 'Україна', 'допомога', 'Війна з Росією', 'Ріші Сунак']
Type: Article
 The UK Prime Minister Risha Sunak called the "decisive" contribution of the United States to the maintenance of Ukraine and assured that his country was committed to obligations to victory forces of democracy and freedom.
Sakak said this during a White House in common with the US President, Ukrinform correspondent reports.
“The United Kingdom is proud of our contribution, including tanks, long -range weapons and Ukrainian soldiers' training. But there should not be a decisive contribution that allows democracy and freedom to win, ”Snak said.
In this connection, he expressed his gratitude to President Biden personally to the Taman, who continue to provide Ukraine with everything necessary.
At the same time, Snak emphasized the need for other countries to intensify and realize their part of the contribution to joint security in the context of Russian aggression.
Read also: Snak : Legal Place of Ukraine - in NATO "We were lucky enough to get America's investment in European security, but the army is to divide the burden together," the Prime Minister said.
According to him, the expenditures of the United Kingdom for defense have always been more than 2%, which is considered a "control" for NATO countries. “Miserable other countries to follow the example of the US and Great Britain because our safety is ecolective, ”Snak emphasized.
He also agreed with Baiden's opinion that it was first and foremost a containment of the Russian Federation.
Read also: in Moldova Zelensky met with Snak ohm - talk about Storm Shadow and War “Putin will think that he can wait for NATO to get tired, get out, but not to be. And the more we can provide support for Ukraine - not only here and now, but also support for the future, for years - I think it will send it a powerful signal that there is no point in waiting, we will not go anywhere, we will be as much as we need " , - summarized the head of the British law. Foto: op 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720316-britania-viddana-dovgostrokovij-pidtrimci-ukraini-sunak.html 
Evacuation shelling: Among the nine victims in Kherson - German volunteer 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:48:57+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T17:48:57+03:00
Description: During the shelling of Kherson, which the Russians carried out today during the evacuation of civilians, 9 people were injured, including two SES employees, a police officer, a doctor and a volunteer from Germany. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16845... ']
Tags: ['Евакуація', 'Херсон', 'Німеччина', 'Обстріл', 'Волонтери', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 During the Kherson, which the Russians made today during the evacuation of civilians, 9 people were injured, including two SES employees, a police officer, a doctor and a volunteer from Germany.
This was reported in telegram Oleksandr Proudin, the head of the Church, reports.
"9 people were injured in Kherson. All wounded doctors provide the necessary assistance. Among the wounded - two employees of the SES, a police officer, a doctor and a volunteer From Germany, " - the testimony reads.
In the video commentary, Proudin noted that one of the wounded is in a hard time, doctors fight for his lifetime.
Video: Telegram-channel head of Kherson Ova Read also: [As a result of the shelling(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720151-unaslidok-obstrilu-rf-na-hersonsini-poraneni-dvoe-ratuvalnikiv.html)The chief of the Ova also informed that at this time 27 settlements have been heated on the right -bank Kherson region. 3329 buildings were damaged, 295 houses remained under the water. 2198 people were evacuated to safe places, including 120 children and 38 low -mobility people.
As reported by Ukrinform, on June 8 in Kherson [under the fire was the head of Ukraine]](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720129-golovnij-rabin-ukraini-potrapiv-pid-rosijskij-obstril-u-hersoni.html) .
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720171-obstril-pid-cas-evakuacii-sered-devati-postrazdalih-u-hersoni-nimeckij-volonter.html 
Zelensky changed the head of the Gostomel military administration in Kyiv region 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:48:58+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T17:48:58+03:00
Description: President Volodymyr Zelensky dismissed Sergiy Borysyuk from the post of chairman of the Gostomel settlement military administration of the Kyiv region and appointed Sergiy Smolia to this place. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16643... ']
Tags: ['Президент', 'Зеленський', 'Гостомель']
Type: Article
 The Presidential Division of Zelensky dismissed Sergiy Borysyuk from the post of chairman of the Gostomel Country Military Administration of the Kyiv region and appointed Smolia's locality.
The relevant documents are published on the website of the Head of State, reports Ukrinform.
"To release Borysyuk Sergey Lvovich from the post of Chief of the Gostomel Square Military Administration of the Buchan district of Kyiv region," -he is given in Order No. 100/2023 -RP .
Read also: Zelensky appointed ** Cyper by the head of the Odessa Regional State Administration At the same time by order No. 101/2023-rp President appointed Smolia by the head of the Gostomel Secondary School.
It was reported that Borysyuk has been headed by Gostomel IVA since July 2022.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720172-zelenskij-zminiv-golovu-gostomelskoi-vijskovoi-administracii-na-kiivsini.html 
Belgium will provide Ukraine with generators to overcome the consequences 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:51:03+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T17:51:03+03:00
Description: Belgium will provide Ukraine with emergency generators to overcome the effects of flood due to a catastrophe at the Kakhovsky hydroelectric power station. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16861... ']
Tags: ['Бельгія', 'Міненерго', 'допомога', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'генератор']
Type: Article
 Belgium will give Ukraine emergency generators to overcome the consequences of flooding through the Katastrophe at the Kakhovsky Hydroelectric Power Plant.
According to Ukrinform, this agreement was reached(OECD - OECD), reports Ministry of Energy .
“Tina Van der Straten expressed full support for Ukraine and sympathy for the Ukrainian people about the tragedy. She also noted that in the near future the Belgian government will make a decision on redistribution of funds to assist Ukraine in connection with the undermining of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station and caused by it, ”the ministry said.
Read also: [ China ** stated that he was ready to assist the victim as a result of the destruction(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720162-kitaj-zaaviv-so-gotovij-nadati-dopomogu-postrazdalim-unaslidok-rujnuvanna-kahovskoi-ges.html)Energy Minister Herman Galushchenko thanked the Belgian column during the meeting for constant attention to Ukraine's problems and strong support Energy sector.
As it was reported, Russian troops carried out on June 6, the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station. There are risks of flooding of energy objects in Kherson region, including the Kherson TPP. The evacuation of the population from potential raising is ongoing. .(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-other_news/3718791-pidriv-rosianami-kahovskoi-ges-vsi-novini.html) Foto: LIBKOS 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720173-belgia-nadast-ukraini-generatori-dla-podolanna-naslidkiv-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html 
Education: In Ukraine, the first payments for housing repair have started 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:51:43+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T17:51:43+03:00
Description: В Україні стартували перші виплати допомоги на ремонт житла в межах програми єВідновлення. Її отримають 8 заявників з двох громад у Київській та Донецькій областях. Загальна сума нарахованих коштів – понад 847 тисяч гривень. — Укрінформ.
Images: [' 630_360_15505... ']
Tags: ['Житло', 'Ремонт', 'Відбудова']
Type: Article
 The first payments of housing repair benefits within the program of the program were renovated. It will be received by 8 applicants from two communities in Kyiv and Donetsk. The total amount of accrued funds is over UAH 847 thousand.
According to Ukrinform, the Ministry of Community Development, Territories and Infrastructure reports on Facebook. “The first payments started. 8 applicants from the Irpin community of the Kiev region of the Taselidov community of Donetsk region will receive monetary assistance for small repair. The total amount of accrued funds amount to over UAH 847 thousand. A 78-year-old resident of Donetsk will become one of the applicants who will receive financial assistance. She has applied for helping the application of the application, ”the message reads.
The ministry added that 17 374 applications were already filed and 444 Commissions were created. The highest number of reconstructed statements is the leader of the Kharkiv Community - 3 168 pieces, then Irpinsk - 1 770, Chernihiv - 675, Izium - 538, Gostomelsk - 505, Buchan - 464, Kherson - 463, Dergachivska - 423, M. - 377, Lymanskaya - 288, Makarivska - 274.
“We urge local government bodies that have not started to work for compensation applications for housing recovery, and accelerate their work. It depends on whether Ukrainians will be able to get help in the shortfall for their own housing for autumn -winterfields, ”the ministry said.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3718415-ukrainskij-biznes-moze-dolucitis-do-programi-evidnovlenna.html)As reported, the program [Equation] has started on May 10.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3707215-u-dii-zapustili-programu-derzavnoi-dopomogi-evidnovlenna.html). Every citizen whose housing was prevented as a result of the Russian armed aggression may apply for the state assistance for current housing repair. You can do this with the help of the portal or contact the centers of administrative services, bodies of social protection and notaries.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3720174-evidnovlenna-v-ukraini-startuvali-persi-viplati-dopomogi-na-remont-zitla.html 
Carnation: I would like to fade from Joshua Batsi 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:54:11+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T17:54:11+03:00
Description: The world exchmpion Alexander Gvozdik (19-1.15 KO) told who he would like to spend the next match. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Бокс', 'Гвоздик']
Type: Article
 World Exchmpion Alexander Carnation(19-1,15 who)He told who he would like to do the next match.
He told Two Sides, Ukrinform reports.
“I would like to fade with Joshua Batsi because he is the first ratingwba number. Now there is such a plan - to move in this direction. We will see how it will be. Seem to be there sixth(In fact, the seventh, ed.). Я у топ-10. Скількимені потрібно провести боїв, щоб бути психологічно готовим до титульногопоєдинку? Важко відповісти, але якщо це буде Буатсі, і я його пройду, якщо цебуде елімінатор, то, звичайно, у наступному бою я готовий боксувати за титул»,– сказав Гвоздик.
Зазначимо, що Джошуа Буатсі (17-0, 13 is)It is a compulsory contender for the WBA World Title.
Read also: Alexander Hvozd IK returned to WBA rating As reported by Ukrinform, Carnation held his last match on May 6, having received early victory over Richard Bolotnik(19-7-1, 8 Ko).
Фото: Getty Images
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720175-gvozdik-a-hotiv-bi-poboksuvati-z-dzosua-buatsi.html 
Romania obliged the Russian embassy to cut the staff by 51 posts 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:58:46+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T17:58:46+03:00
Description: Romania obliged the Russian Embassy in the country to reduce the staff by 51 people within thirty days. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Румунія', 'Росія', 'Російські дипломати']
Type: Article
 Romania The fof. has obliged the Russian Embassy in the country in thirty days to reduce a 51 person.
As Ukrinform reports, it reports Romania Journal With reference to the Foreign Ministry.
According to the Romanian authorities, Russia should reduce the number of positions in Romania for 51 positions, that is, pick up 21 diplomats and 30 positions of technical and administrative staff. There will be 11 Russian diplomats and 29 employees in Romania.
Russia will be able to choose the positions and people who will be reduced.
Read also: Finland sends nine employees of Russian Poland As reported by Ukrinform, Sweden sends five Russian diplomats for carrying out activities incompatible with their diplomatic status.
Sweden also sent three Russian diplomats in April last year the postpart of a full -scale invasion of Russia into Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720179-rumunia-zobovazala-rosijske-posolstvo-skorotiti-stat-na-51-posadu.html 
On the flanks under Bakhmut, the forces of defense advanced for 1600 meters - the abdomen 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T17:59:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T17:59:00+03:00
Description: In the Bakhmut direction, the defense force advanced 1600 meters on the southern and northern flanks. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16847... ']
Tags: ['Бахмут', 'ЗСУ', 'Війна з Росією', '#stoprussia', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 The Nabakhmut direction of the defense force advanced on 1600 meters on the southern and southern flanks.
The spokesman of the Eastern Urgent Armed Forces of the Armed Forces Sergey Cherevaty reported this on the air of the Televahorphone "Unified News", Ukrinform correspondent reports.
“The Bakhmut direction remains active in the plan of the counter -attacking actions of our military, in some directions in the southern and northern flanks, our Silabones have passed up to 1600 meters, the enemy makes a fierce resistance using artillery. 342 times he beat our positions in different types of artillery systems. There were 6 aircraft, 10 municipalities, during which we destroyed 120 objectives, 184 wounded, one captured. Also destroyed 5 tanks , APC, combat vehicle of the landing, armored car, D -30 gun, 2 UAV "Orlan 10", station of foci intelligence, 9 field warehouses with ammunition, " - reported.
Read also: the enemy in the east is trying to advance, in the south actively flawed - the Ministry of Defense As reported by Ukrinform, the day before the Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Hannamars reported that for three days in a row there is an offensive of the defense forces of the Nabakhmut direction. Foto: General Staff of the Armed Forces 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720181-na-flangah-pid-bahmutom-sili-oboroni-prosunulis-na-1600-metriv-cerevatij.html 
The IMF will make a decision on the next tranche for Ukraine at the end of June 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:00:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:00:00+03:00
Description: The IMF executive council meeting on the results of the first review of the EFF program for Ukraine and the decision to allocate the next tranche is scheduled for the end of June. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16805... ']
Tags: ['МВФ', 'Україна', 'Гроші']
Type: Article
 The IMF Company Council of the EFF Program for Ukraine for Ukraine is scheduled to allocate the next tranche.
This was stated in response to the question of its own correspondent Ukrinformuder Department of the IMF Communication Department Julia Kozak.
“All quantitative performance criteria at the end of April and the structural control indicators at the end of May were fulfilled. And this opens the path to the Council of the Acting Council, which is pre -planned for the end of June, ”the Foundation said.
She reminded that this opens the opportunity to allocate the next tranche to Ukraine with an EFF Zaporna program of about $ 900 million.
Read also: IMF improved the forecast for Ukraine's GDP to Plus 1-3% The Cossack also stressed that the Ukrainian economy continues to demonstrate the extraordinary sustainability. And at least to the last tragedy related to the undergrowth of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, the dynamics pointed to the gradual restoration of the Ukrainian economy in 2023.
As reported by Ukrinform, at the end of March IMF approved the program of expanding EFF for Ukraine in the amount of $ 15.6 billion ., designed for 48 months.
The first view of the EFF program for Ukraine was held in late May in Vienna.
May 30 IMF and the Ukrainian authorities declared about reaching the personnel level On the successful conduct of this review, the tailoring of the updated package of economic and financial policy measures within the EFF program.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720176-mvf-uhvalit-risenna-pro-nastupnij-trans-dla-ukraini-naprikinci-cervna.html 
Alexei Reznikov: Russia does not cease to remind the world that it is a terrorist state 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T18:00:00-04:00
Description: The tank is not stopped by the way to the witch, they are not a skew, yak terrorist power. ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: []
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС', 'ОЛЕКСІЙ РЕЗНІКОВ']
Category: News
Russia does not cease to remind the world that it is nothing but a terrorist.
About it on Twitter reported Minister of Defense of Ukraine Alexei Reznikov, publishing the consequences of underwriting of the Dambi Kakhovka hydroelectric power station.
“Russia destroys everything living in its path, undermining the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant in Kakhovka. The Russian Federation has caused the greatest catastrophe in Europe in recent decades. Victims were not only people, but thousands of helpless animals, ”the message reads.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/oleksij-reznikov-rosiya-ne-perestaye-nagaduvaty-svitu-shho-vona-terorystychna-derzhava/ 
In Kiev exposed an underground network of gambling establishments 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:06:17+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:06:17+03:00
Description: The Bureau of Economic Security in Kiev stopped illegal activity of the network of gambling establishments. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Київ', 'Гральний бізнес', 'Бюро економічної безпеки']
Type: Article
 Bureau security in Kyiv stopped illegal activity of a network of gambling.
As Ukrinform reports, it reports the press service of the Beb. "Detectives of the territorial management of Bab in Kyiv exposed and ceasefunctions of the network gambling establishments. More than 120 units of computer equipment, which was used for games, has been withdrawn, its estimated cost of more than 2 million UAH, "the statement said.
The pre -trial investigation found that a group of persons, in violation of the legislation, has organized and provided gambling services in the territory of the city of Kyiv with an irresponsible license. Playing establishments were mainly equipped on the first floors of residential buildings. They hid their activities and opened only for proven customers and worked during the curfew.
Detectives of Beb set a full range of persons involved in the criminal scheme.
Read also: [ Beb exposed the underground production(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719124-beb-vikrilo-pidpilne-virobnictvo-spirtu-z-sodennim-oborotom-u-20-tonn.html)As it was reported, as of June 1, the Detectives of the Bureau of Economic Security of Ukraine at the pre -trial investigation has 87 criminal proceedings with the samples of illegal activity in the field of organization and conduct of gambling. Baby detectives within the mentioned criminal proceedings conducted more than 130 notes, which seized kits of computer equipment, tables for playing roulette, gaming machines, other technical equipment. The orientation of the seized commodity material is about 14 million.
Foto: Beb 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3720184-u-kievi-vikrili-pidpilnu-merezu-gralnih-zakladiv.html 
A large number of mines drifting down the Dnieper after blasting the dam of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station - military 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:06:25+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:06:25+03:00
Description: A large number of mines drifes in the water along the Dnieper after blasting the Russian army of the Kakhovsky Hydroelectric Power Plant. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16860... ']
Tags: ['Міна', 'Одещина', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 The greatness of the mines drifes in the water along the Dnieper after blasting the Russian Army of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plant.
According to Ukrinform, the operational command "South" reports on Facebook .
Зазначається, що внаслідок підриву російськими військами Каховської ГЕСсміття, уламки різних предметів, човни, навіть будівельні конструкції стрімкоютечією несе річкою Дніпро і частково винесло в Чорне море.
Читайте також: Бельгія надасть Україні генератори для подоланнянаслідків підриву Каховсько ї ГЕС "The streams also raised the mine -explosive barriers, which were occupied on the left bank. Currently, a large number of mines drifes in the water with a risk," - the message reads.
One of these anti -deposit mines was thrown ashore of the Odessa region. The thief forces was destroyed.
"In the face of an emergency related to the undermining of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant, the mine danger is increased as along the shores of the Dnieper, the Dnieper -Buzky estuary of the entire Black Sea coast of Mykolaiv and Odessa region," the testimony reads.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719946-okupanti-znisili-kahovsku-ges-so-cekae-pivden-ukraini.html)As reported by Ukrinform, the Russian army on the night against June 6 undermined the Dumbleukhov Hydroelectric Power Plant. As of the morning of June 8, 600 square meters were under water. Kmeteria, the average level of flooding - 5.61 m. On the Right Bank of the Kherson region, about 16 thousand people were in the area of disaster, evacuation is ongoing. The situation is critical of the Left Bank.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720185-velika-kilkist-min-drejfue-za-tecieu-dnipra-pisla-pidrivu-grebli-kahovskoi-ges-vijskovi.html 
Canadian instructors teach the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces to capture and keep buildings 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:08:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:08:00+03:00
Description: In the United Kingdom, servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine under the guidance of Canadian instructors are working out hostilities in the urban area. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Британія', 'Канада', 'Військові навчання']
Type: Article
 In Great Britain, servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine under the guidance of Canadian instructors are working out fighting in urbanized terrain.
According to Ukrinform, the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine reports UV Facebook .
“Ведення бойових дій в урбанізованій місцевості - саме цьомувійськовослужбовці Збройних сил Канади з 2-го та 3-го батальйонів Канадськоїлегкої піхоти принцеси Патриції 1-ї канадської механізованої бригадної групи3-ї канадської дивізії навчають новобранців Збройних сил України під часоперації Збройних сил Канади UNIFIER-UK у рамках багатонаціональної навчальноїоперації “Interflex” з базової військової підготовки особового складу Збройнихсил України у Великій Британії”, – ідеться у повідомленні.
Читайте також: Інструкт ори з Норвегії вчать українських військовихбезпечному подоланню мінних загороджень In particular, under the expert guidance of the Armed Forces of Canada, recruits shift theoretically and work out practically tactical elements regarding the verification of passages and entrance to the house and rooms, evacuation of victims during combat in settlements, preparation, capture, admiration for the storage of the building and complexity .

According to the General Staff, all these training modules make military personnel professionally prepared and ready for combat conditions during the protection of Ukraine from the Russian aggressor.
This training makes it possible to master the necessary tactical skills, increase the disadvantage and professionalism of the Armed Forces of Ukraine so that the military personnel can skill the necessary tactical knowledge to protect Ukraine.
Read also: Norwegian Instructor and teach Ukrainian recruits The General Staff emphasizes that the United Kingdom and Canada continue to be supported by international Ukraine and are steadily working with international partners to give constant support to Ukraine in response to long -term violations of Russian international law.
As reported by Ukrinform, ten Ukrainian military chaplains have been trained with their British colleagues at the first Rodi -course in the UK.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720187-kanadski-instruktori-vcat-novobranciv-zsu-zahoplennu-ta-utrimannu-budivel.html 
Taurian direction: enemy loss per day - over three companies and 57 pieces of equipment 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:09:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:09:00+03:00
Description: In the Tavriysk direction, Russian troops are in defense, their losses killed and wounded per day make up more than three companies. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16638... ']
Tags: ['ЗСУ', 'Російські військові', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Russian troops are in defense, their lost and injured per day make up more than three companies.
According to Ukrinform, the commander of the operational-strategic group "Tavriya" General Alexander Tarnavsky reported in telegram .
"Defense forces work and systematically destroy the enemy on the Tavriyskaya.
According to him, units of rocket troops and artillery of the forces of the Defense Tales of the Direction during the day completed 1522 fire tasks. It is a counter -battery struggle and work on previously planned planned purposes.
Read also: Armed Forces destroyed already 212 760 Russian invaders Ukrainian defenders destroyed and damaged 57 units of military technicians, including 12 tanks , Pathovic cars of infantry, three combat armored vehicles, two multi -purpose tractor(MTLB), armored personnel carrier, howitzer 2C19 "MSTU-C", self-propelled artillery installations 2C3 "Acacia" and 2C1 "Carnation", station of electronic wrestling "Field-21", radar station "Zoo", anti-aircraft missile systems "Buk-M2" and " Arrow-10 ”, drone Supercam, Zala and Orlan-10, two reactive systems of the Grad Grad, Anti-Staffing Complex“ Arrow-10 ”.
Five warehouses with enemy ammunition were also destroyed by the defense forces.
As reported by Ukrinform, the Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Alexeydanilov stated that Ukraine has not yet started](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719598-ukraina-se-ne-perehodila-u-kontrnastup-jogo-pocatok-vsi-pobacat-danilov.html)Planned counter -offensive. The promotion of the Ukrainian military in some places by the Russians mistakenly arranged the beginning of a large operation.
Foto: General Staff of the Armed Forces 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720183-tavrijskij-napramok-vtrati-voroga-za-dobu-ponad-tri-roti-i-57-odinic-tehniki.html 
The IMF prepares a detailed assessment of the consequences 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:10:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:10:00+03:00
Description: The International Monetary Fund carefully monitors the Kakhovsky Hydroelectric Power Plant and interacts closely with the Government of Ukraine on this issue to evaluate the economic impact of the tragedy. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16861... ']
Tags: ['МВФ', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Збитки']
Type: Article
 The International Monetary Fund carefully monitors the situation related to the Podrivkakhovsky Hydroelectric Power Plant and interacts closely with the Government of Ukraine on this issue to unite the economic impact of the tragedy.
This was stated on Thursday by the Director of the Department of Communication of the IUFjulius Kozak at the request of Ukrinform to give a preliminary assessment of the consequences of the tragedy.
“Unfortunately, it is too early to estimate the losses for the economy. Of course, we are closely following the situation. Our command maintains very close and constant contacts with the authorities(in Ukraine - ed.), and later we will give a full assessment, ”the Foundation said.
She stressed that in IMF Driving social, economic and environmental consequences of the destruction of the hydroelectric and environmental consequences.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720176-mvf-uhvalit-risenna-pro-nastupnij-trans-dla-ukraini-naprikinci-cervna.html)“It is definitely a human tragedy that is extremely sad. We express the sorting of those who suffered as a result of this tragedy, ”the Cossack said.
As reported by Ukrinform, the Russian army on the night against June 6 Podirvladamba Kakhovka hydroelectric power station . The condition of the metrics on June 8 was 600 square meters under water. km of the territory, the average level of underworks - 5.61 m. On the Right Bank of the Kherson region, about 16 thousand people have been in the area of disadvantage, evacuation is ongoing. The situation is critical on the temporarily captured bank.
UN intends to increase the amount of assistance immediately TAVLOVER Extra forces to Kherson and other affected areas.
Foto: libkos 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720186-mvf-gotue-dokladnu-ocinku-naslidkiv-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html 
Klitschko put the duties of the Director of the KSCA Department on Irina Chernenko 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:17:28+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:17:28+03:00
Description: Kyiv Mayor Vitaliy Klitschko put the duties of the Director of the Department of Cultural Heritage of the KSCA on Irina Chernenko since June 10. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16699... ']
Tags: ['КМДА', 'Віталій Кличко', 'Київ']
Type: Article
 Kyiv City Chairman Vitaliy Klitschko put the duties of the Directorate of the Cultural Heritage Protection of the KSCA on Irina Chernenko since June 10.
He reported this in telegram , reports Ukrinform.
“To put the duties of the Director of the Department of Cultural Security of the KSCA on Chernenko Irina Ivanovna - Deputy Director of the Department of the Department of Protection of Cultural Heritage Objects and the Historical Environment of the Department of Cultural Heritage Protection of the KSCA from June 10, 2023,” - he reads.
As reported by Ukrinform, Kyiv Mayor Vitaliy Klitschko [signed the release of the Director of the Department of Cultural Heritage of KMDAAKANDER Nikoryak]](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3720163-klicko-pidpisav-zaavu-nikoraka-pro-zvilnenna-z-posadi-direktora-departamentu-kmda.html).
Photo: ksf
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3720188-klicko-poklav-vikonanna-obovazkiv-direktora-departamentu-kmda-na-irinu-cernenko.html 
The Western military has no doubt that the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station was blown up by Russia - the Polish General 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:18:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:18:00+03:00
Description: The Western soldiers have no doubt that the row of Kakhovskaya Hydroe Public Hydroelectric Power Plant. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16516... ']
Tags: ['Каховська ГЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Western military has no doubt that the rowers of the Kakhovskaya HEP are located.
In an interview, Ukrinform was emphasized by a well -known Polish expert, an eczeper of Poland's Land Forces, former Deputy Minister of National Defense of the country Waldemar Sklipchak.
“Russian propaganda and money of Russian oligarchs who still sponsor the change of the event, sow these doubts(Concerning the responsibility of Russia or Ukraine for Podryvkakhovskaya HPP - order.). Але ніхто звійськових не має сумніву, що це зробили росіяни”, - наголосив Скшипчак.
За його словами, у росіян для цього давно було все готове. Зокрема, вони щеторік розмістили там вибухівку, коли українська армія вела активну операцію наХерсонському напрямку.
“Вони чекали на відповідний момент, оскільки бояться українськогоконтрнаступу. Російська армія перелякалася українських дій на Бахмутському іХарківському напрямках і на Запоріжжі, де українська армія атакує, хоча це щене контрнаступ, а оперативне введення противника в оману”, - підкресливексперт.
Читайте також: Будували так, щоб витримала ядерний удар: фахів ецьвиключає саморуйнацію Каховської ГЕС Sklipak emphasized that the political consequence for Russia from the blast of the Damikhov hydroelectric power station should be "total isolation of Russia in the international arena of preduction of humanitarian catastrophe."
In his opinion, there should be a corresponding resolution at the UN level that Russia is responsible for this.
"This is an inhuman act, but it is necessary to realize that they have always acted, even with respect to their citizens," the expert stated.
Instead, the Polish General noted in the military plan, it will be difficult to cross the Dnieper over two to three weeks because of the blast, as the flow of water should be reduced and the shores should be reduced.
“The Russians were frightened because they thought that the Ukrainian army had crossed in several directions, so, undermining the dam, they defended their expositions from the west, so that the Dnipro would not go Ukrainian forces. It was their military step, since some of the forces from the south of the Russians were thrown to Nazapore, fearing that it would be the direction of the main blow to the Ukrainian army, ”the Edamer of Poland Land Forces emphasized. Read also: [Ukraine appealed to the ECtHR through the Russian terrorist attack on Kakhov (https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720141-ukraina-zvernulasa-do-espl-cerez-rosijskij-terakt-na-kahovskij-ges.html)“But, in my opinion, the Russians were miscalculated because this direction was not considered by the Ukrainian command as the chief. The main focus is a place where there is more opportunity to maneuver and you do not need to force the driver, ”Sklipchak emphasized.
He added that the forcing of the Dnieper could be an extremely difficult thing.
“The one who forced big rivers knows how difficult it is. I forced a wand, the guard, the Vistula(Rivers in Poland - ed.)- This is a very complex organizational process.
The full version of the interview read tomorrow on the Ukrinform website. 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720191-zahidni-vijskovi-ne-sumnivautsa-so-kahovska-ges-bula-pidirvana-rosieu-polskij-general.html 
Moraes has achieved a termination of a contract with "Corinthian" through court 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:25:51+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:25:51+03:00
Description: The Brazilian club is able to challenge this decision. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Футбол']
Type: Article
 The Brazilian club is able to challenge this decision.
Corinthian striker Junior Moraes has terminated a contract with the club, reports Ogol, Ukrinform reports.
The Brazilian achieved this decision through court and became a free agent. The main arguments of Junior's lawyers for termination of the Corinthian contract were the payment of payment for image rights, as well as selling for more than 11 months.
The court of San Paulo motivated his decision in favor of Morais "unstable climate." The weight in this decision also had a statement by the Corinthian manager Alessandro Nunes, in which he called Junior "a coward and a liar."
Read also: women's national team of Ukraine with Football In playing a controlling person with Portugal As reported by Ukrinform, Moraises was removed from training with the team 12th. This year, the asset of the attacker 124 minutes in 4 matches for the club.
Photo: Getty Image
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720190-moraes-domigsa-rozirvanna-kontraktu-z-korintians-cerez-sud.html 
Future reparations of Russia should compensate for losses due to Kakhovsky Ecocide - Ukraine in the OSCE 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:29:45+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:29:45+03:00
Description: Russia should be responsible for undermining the Kakhovsky dam, and future reparations of the Russian Federation should compensate for all the losses caused by this ecocid. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15898... ']
Tags: ['ОБСЄ', 'Україна', 'Репарації', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Війна з Росією', 'Екоцид']
Type: Article
 Russia has to respond to the undermining of the Kakhovka dam, and future reparations of the Russian Federation have to repair all the losses caused by this ecocid.
This was stated by a permanent representative of Ukraine under international organizations by Evgeny Tsymbalyuk during a meeting of the OSCE Permanent Council, Ukrinform reports.
"The scale of the losses caused to my country is still to be established. However, the severity is already unprecedented.
He pointed out that the Prosecutor General of Ukraine had already communicated from the prosecutorial criminal court(MKS)The investigation of the explosion at the dam was also informed by the EU Commissioner on Justice. "Ukraine is ready to cooperate with international justice mechanisms, including the ZMCS, and provide all the necessary evidence," added a permanent representative of Ukraine.
Read also: in Istanbul there was a rally against ecocide y, which is Russian in Ukraine In the course of his speech, Tsymbalyuk informed the delegations of the OSCE member countries proposal assessments of humanitarian, environmental and economic consequences of underwriting hydroelectric power plants and the first measures that the Ukrainian authorities take to eliminate them. He also pointed to the regional consequences of ecocid.
"Mass inflow of fresh water also carries risks to the Black Sea ecosystem. At this, high water washed away various pollutants into the Black Sea, including sediments, chemicals and heavy metals, together with fuel and oil. This applies to increased mine danger. Tsacatastrophe caused by Russia. This act of Russian ecocide can potentially affect the whole region, "Tsymbalyuk said.
He noted that the practical contribution OSCE The solution to these challenges is "essential". "We are grateful for the readiness to support Ukraine, expressed in today's statement. We are waiting for the coordination of the modalities of possible support," - said the Ukrainian post -Representation.
In addition, he said, when Russian invaders understand the inability to maintain the occupied territories, they resort to the tactics of "burned land", an example of which is the undermining of the Kakhovsky dam.The Ukrainian post -press informed that there are over 40,000 people under threat of flooding. The Ukrainian authorities evacuate more than 17,000 people. "Unfortunately, more than 25,000 civilians are in the territory controlled by Russia -just abandoned on the roofs of their homes. Due to the inability of the Russian occupation administration to evacuate people, Ukraine has addressed the reference international organizations to intervene in the situation," Tsymbaluk said .
Along with this, the head of the Ukrainian Mission in the OSCE condemned Russia's attempts to shift the gap to Ukraine for the destruction of the Kakhovsky dam. He recalled that the reception of victims of his own crimes, Russia has repeatedly practiced a persecuted, for example, in the case of beating MH17. Tsymbalyuk emphasized that Russia predetermined to deny Ukraine's right to exist, and "this denial is a key driver of continuing aggression and genocide of the people of Ukraine."
As reported by Ukrinform, Russian troops on the night against June 6 carried out the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station . As a result of the heating of the machine hall inside, the station is completely destroyed. On the fact of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power departments, law enforcement officers began investigations under the article "Ecocid".
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720192-majbutni-reparacii-rosii-maut-vidskoduvati-zbitki-cerez-kahovskij-ekocid-ukraina-v-obse.html 
The deputy of the Rivne Regional Council exposed on a bribe was reported suspicion 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:36:23+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:36:23+03:00
Description: Law enforcement officers declared suspicion of the deputy of the Rivne Regional Council, exposed in extortion and receipt of $ 1.2 thousand of undue benefits. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16551... ']
Tags: ['Хабар', 'Підозра', 'Поліція']
Type: Article
 Law enforcement officers declared suspicion of the deputy of the Rivne Regional Council, exposed to extortion and receipt of $ 1.2 thousand of undue benefits.
According to Ukrinform, the specialized anti -corruption prosecutor's office reported in telegram .
The actions of the suspect are qualified under Part 3 of Art. 368(acceptance of a proposal, promise or receipt of undue benefit by an official)Criminal Code of Ukraine.
Read also: Director of the Metropolitan Hydropark "Burning" on bribe and As reported by Ukrinform, on June 7 law enforcement officers exposed the deputy of the Rivne regional council - the chief physician of the specialized disaster of radiation protection in receiving $ 1.2 thousand of bribery of disability.
It is established that the person involved demanded the money for the registration of documents necessary for the decision on disability related to the consequences of the accident of the Odornobyl NPP.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720199-vikritomu-na-habari-deputatu-rivnenskoi-oblradi-ogolosili-pidozru.html 
The Western Ukrainian Export Forum in Lviv has collected 600 participants 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:39:21+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:39:21+03:00
Description: There is a Western Ukrainian Export Forum in Lviv, which has become a platform for presentation of products and discussing trends of Ukrainian exports to the EU countries. The event collected 600 participants from eight regions of Ukraine. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Бізнес', 'Експорт', 'Форум', 'Львів']
Type: Article
 The Western Ukrainian Export Forum, which has become a platform for product presentation and discussing trends of Ukrainian exports to the country, is in Lviv. The event collected 600 participants from eight regions of Ukraine.
About it reports [press service of Lviv Ova]](https://loda.gov.ua/news/68309), reports Ukrinform.
“This forum is a great opportunity to discuss all the important issues of exports. For Ukraine, the development of this area is critical, because it is an opportunity to demonstrate their production skills in the foreign market once again - Ukrainians are able to produce high -quality, competitive and innovative works. Now Ukraine is actively exporting a large number of agricultural products, furniture, we are engaged in mechanical engineering, etc. ”, - said Maxim Kozytsky.
The Western Ukrainian Export Forum is the first large -scale event for the export environment that will become a platform for the presentation of products and discussing the tanks of Ukrainian exports EU Ukraine. Six hundred participants, including exporterrylivschyna and 7 other regions in the west of Ukraine, representatives of the business community, authorities, government, as well as leading experts in the direction of supporting exporters of Ukraine, were joined by the forum.
Read also: Agro -processing after the war: Invested already now The event provides for the audience panel discussions with leading Ukrainian and foreign experts on new transactions for free trade, industrial development, logistics issues and other topical topics. In addition, 40 business representatives present their products in the expo-zone, and are examined by tools for supporting exporters at state, regional levels and from donor organizations.

Among the organizers of the event are the exports of exports of department economic policy of the Lviv Regional Military Administration, UNDP program development in Ukraine/UNDP, International Organization for Migration in Ukraine/IomUkraine, Deutsche Gesellschaft Für Internationale Zusammenarbeit(GIZ)Gmb.
As reported by Ukrinform, on June 8 [in Lviv the first national forum "Helping Business in War:] is held(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719978-u-lvovi-startuvav-persij-nacionalnij-forum-z-dopomogi-biznesu-v-umovah-vijni.html)National and regional aspects. " The event is taken by participants, representatives of the Ministry of Economy and International Donor Organizations.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720200-zahidnoukrainskij-eksportnij-forum-u-lvovi-zibrav-600-ucasnikiv.html 
Without water from the Dnieper in Crimea there will be problems with rice fields and industry - Majlis 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:46:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:46:00+03:00
Description: After the Russians blast the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plant and the North Crimean Canal, there will be problems with agriculture in the temporarily occupied Crimea, including rice fields and the chemical industry. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15264... ']
Tags: ['Крим', 'Вода', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 Post -exploring by the Russians of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plant and the North Crimean Canal, the Occupied Crimea, there will be problems with agriculture, including rice fields and the chemical industry.
This was reported in a comment to Ukrinform by the Head of Legal Affairs Department of the Taza -border Affairs of the Majlis of the Crimean Tatar people, the chairman of the Board of the Criminal Tatar Resource Center Skender Bariyev.
He noted that when, after a full -scale invasion of the invaders, the North Crimean channel was undermined and allowed to be temporarily occupied Crimea Water, they began to grow semi -island.
“They sowed about 3,000 hectares in the steppe Crimea. Dniprovskaya driver, in particular, for the needs of agriculture, on rice fields. Now they will be destroyed, there will be big problems with agriculture, ”Bariyev said.
In addition, he noted that the Dnieper water was needed for the chemical industry, in particular the Crimean Titan.
Read also: Medzhlis: in Crimea - problems in cities that receive a water from the North Crimean channel “There are sumps that need to be filled with fresh water to have cyclical processes. We remember the crash at the Crimean Titan in 2018, which arose due to the lack of fresh water. The occupiers were looking for different ways to oppress seawater on the peninsula, which was not very successful, ”the Committee of the Majlis.
As it was reported, the Majlis of the Crimean Tatar people calls in connection with undermining the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station Term -registration of the International Tribune for the judicial persecution of Russians, guilty of the retention of international humanitarian law.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3720204-bez-vodi-z-dnipra-u-krimu-budut-problemi-z-silskim-gospodarstvom-i-promislovistu-medzlisu.html 
Ukrainian Bindle won by Russian Astakhov in the 1/8 finals of the WTA tournament in Croatia 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:47:33+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:47:33+03:00
Description: Ukrainian Kateryna Bindle (Kozlova) won the second match in a row at the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) of the Challenger Series - Makarska Open - in Makarskaya (Croatia) with a $ 115,000 prize fund - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16861... ']
Tags: ['Теніс']
Type: Article
 Ukrainian Bindle(Kozlova)won the second match in a row at the Women's Tenisa Association Tournament(WTA)Challenger Series - Makarska Open - in the city of Makarskaya(Croatia)With a prize fund $ 115 thousand
For the exit to the quarterfinals of the competition is sown under the 6th Bindl number(No. 83 ratingwta)won a confident victory over Russian Daria Astakhova(№202)- 6: 2,6: 4, reports Ukrinform.
The tennis players were spent on the court for 1 hour for 20 minutes.
A ticket to the semi -finals of Bindl play with Slovakhka Rebecca Shramkova(№222)who beat American Petton Sterns(№69)- 6: 3, 7: 5.
Read also: Rolan Harros "-2023 The tournament in Croatia will last until June 11.
Photo: btu.org.ua.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720205-ukrainka-bajndl-peremogla-rosianku-astahovu-v-18-finalu-turniru-wta-v-horvatii.html 
In Ukraine for the first time issued a license for energy storage 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:48:46+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:48:46+03:00
Description: The National Commission for State Regulation in the Fields of Energy and Utilities (NERCEP) has decided to issue a license for the right to carry out economic activities for energy storage. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16712... ']
Tags: ['Електроенергія', 'Енергетика', 'Ліцензія', 'НКРЕКП']
Type: Article
 National Commission for State Regulation in Energy and Utilities(NERCEP), made a decision to issue a license for the right to conduct economic activity of energy.
According to Ukrinform, the press service reports NERCEP .
“This is the first decision of the commission to issue a license for storage activities. This is a significant event, because energy storage is very important and useful for the energy system. The functioning of storage of electrical energy or energy storage systems significantly contributes to the balance of the operation of the energy system and increased stability power supply For consumers, ”the NERCEP Konstantin Ushchapovsky emphasized.
It is noted that earlier the regulator developed and approved the secondary legislation compliance with the requirements of the Law of Ukraine "On Amendments to Some Laws of Ukraine for the Development of Energy Storage" on the Development of Energy Storage Plants in terms of licensing and certification.
Read also: NERCEP has expanded consumers' rights for the sale of self -electricity As it was reported, in July 2022 the National Commission for State Irregulation in the Fields of Energy and Utilities(NERCEP)Approved the licensing conditions for energy storage.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720206-v-ukraini-vperse-vidali-licenziu-na-zberiganna-energii.html 
OP discussed the interaction of Ukraine with the states of Central and South America 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:49:33+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:49:33+03:00
Description: The deputy head of the Presidential Office of Ukraine, Igor Zhovkva, discussed the intensification of Ukraine with the states of Central and South America during a telephone conversation with the Minister of Foreign Trade Costa Rica Rica Rica Rica Rica. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Коста-Рика', 'Офіс Президента', 'Жовква']
Type: Article
 The deputy head of the Presidential Office Igor Zhovkva during a telephone conversation by a change in the foreign trade of Costa Rica Manuel by the Rivel Rivers to discuss the interaction of Ukraine with the states of Central and South America.
According to Ukrinform, it reports Presidential Office .
Zhovkva thanked for the important signals in support of Ukraine during the participation of the Rivsev ministerial meeting of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development(OECD)In Paris, the day before, in particular, for the rigid condemnation of the Costa Ricaris-Red War of the Russian Federation against Ukraine, as well as the Russian attack on Kakhovsk Hesh.
Read also: Zhovkva : During the open war we do not need a kind of mediators - for that too late "This criminal Russian attack on the object of critical infrastructure is an act of ecocid, which requires the most rigid reaction of the world community," - stressed.
He also thanked Costa Rica for his readiness to promote Ukraine in the approach of the OECD and noted the importance of using the experience of this country, which in 2021 became the 38th member of the said organization.
The interlocutors discussed ways of strengthening Ukraine's interaction with the states of central and South America, including the involvement of the countries of the region of the Ukrainian formula of peace, as well as international efforts to bring Russia to the crime of aggression against Ukraine. In this context, the importance of Costa Rica's decision to enter the main group for the creation of the appropriate special tribunal was noted.
Read also: [in OP.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3716297-v-op-proveli-zustric-iz-predstavnikami-ofisu-britanskogo-premera-pro-so-govorili.html)In addition, the conversation confirmed a mutual interest in working out the possibility of intensifying trade between the two countries.
The interlocutors also discussed further bilateral contacts on the highest. The Deputy Head of the Presidential Office has invited the Minister of Foreign Trade Costa Rica to visit Ukraine in the near future.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720207-v-op-obgovorili-posilenna-vzaemodii-ukraini-z-derzavami-centralnoi-ta-pivdennoi-ameriki.html 
Editor/editor to work on the site 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:51:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:51:00+03:00
Description: Ukrainian National Information Agency Ukrinform is looking for an editor/editor to work on the site. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16451... ']
Tags: ['Укрінформ', 'ЗМІ', 'Вакансії']
Type: Article
 Ukrinform Ukrainian Information Agency is looking for an editor/editor for work on the site.
Requirements for candidates for editor's job: 
Social networks, profile education and knowledge of English language are welcome.
Resume send to zhalovaha@gmail.com .
Ukrinform offers: 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html 
In Ukraine, the prices for milk - manufacturers' associations have decreased 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:54:43+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:54:43+03:00
Description: In Ukraine, as of June 6, the weighted average price of milk of three grades dropped by 22 pennies to 11.41 UAH/kg without VAT. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_14467... ']
Tags: ['ПДВ', 'Молоко', 'вартість']
Type: Article
 In Ukraine, as of June 6, the weighted average price of milk of three grades was allowed by 22 pennies to 11.41 UAH/kg without VAT.
According to Ukrinform, it reports the press service of the Association of Producers. It is noted that as of June 6, the average purchasing price of extragate milk has decreased to 11.55 UAH/kg without VAT, which is 18 cents less than the resen. The price range for this grade in farms varies from 10.50 to 12.00 UAH/kg without VAT. The upper limit of the price range has decreased by 50 cents of the last month, and the lower boundary remained unchanged.
The highest grade on average costs 11.55 UAH/kg without VAT which is 18 cents less than a month ago. Price for high grade milk range from 10.00 to 12.00 UAH/kg without VAT. Comparable to the beginning of May, the upper limit of the price range dropped to 10 crops.
The average price for milk of the first grade was 11.13 UAH/kg without VAT and decreased 29 cents, compared to last month. The minimum price in farms was 9.50 UAH/kg and remained at the same level as in early May. The maximum price for the first grade was 11.43 UAH/kg, which is 21 cents more than a month ago.
Read also: Ukraine in May increased exports of dairy products - Association of manufacturers According to AVM analyst Georgy Kukhaleyshvili, milk and raw materials continue, since processing enterprises had difficulty in selling finished goods in both the domestic and export market. Language prices press excess stock products such as milk, butter and cheeses that accumulate in warehouses.
As reported by Ukrinform, the purchase prices for raw milk in Ukraine began to be started in early April 2023. As of the end of April, the prices for siremoloco in Ukraine decreased depending on the grade by 13-17 cents, compared to March this year.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720208-v-ukraini-znizilisa-cini-na-moloko-asociacia-virobnikiv.html 
Kyiv region sent the first party of help to Kherson region 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:56:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T18:56:00+03:00
Description: The Kyiv region sent the first batch of assistance for the victims of the Kakhovskaya Hydroe Public Hydroelectric Troops of the Kherson Region. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Гуманітарна допомога', 'Херсонщина', 'Київщина', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Kyiv region sent the first batch of assistance for the Kakhovsky Hydroelectric Troops of Kakhovska Hydroe Public Hydroelectric Troops.
According to Ukrinform, Ruslan Kravchenko, the head of the Kyiv Regional Military Administration, reported this in Facebook .
"Наш регіон також постраждав від окупантів. Знаємо як ніхто, якою важливою єдопомога та підтримка. Одразу після трагедії доручив профільним службамзв’язатися з Херсонською областю та сформувати реєстр необхідних першочерговихречей", — зазначив він.
According to the head of the OVA, 21 boats with [volunteers] have already been sent from the Kiev region.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-volonteri), which will provide operational assistance, six engines, two regeneration-cleaning stations, ten motor pumps, four thermal guns, 200 liters of gasoline and diesel.
The region also transferred 20 firefighters and the same number of rescue vests, 150 pars of rubber boots, 500 tanks of ten liters for drinking water, several tons of food, eight tons of drinking water and clothing.
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Humanitarian aid is Ukrainian seven state 200 kilograms of feed will be repaired for animals in the Kherson region.
"At night, the diving team will also go to Kherson region. At present, we are completing from the representatives of the 19th communities of the Kyiv region, we are completing a team of public utilities, electricians and other specialists who, with all necessary equipment at the first demand, will leave the rebellious territories," Kravchenko added.
For the compact residence of people who found themselves in the flooded territories due to the blows of the Russians of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, three thousand places have already been prepared in the Kiev region. You can contact your settlement questions:(099)510 72 12."If necessary, we will expand the list of necessary assistance. The tragedy of Nakherson region is a common trouble of all Ukraine. Kherson region - we are with you," the head of the Ova stated.
As reported by Ukrinform, on the night of June 6 Russian army [blown up the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric gun]](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-other_news/3718791-pidriv-rosianami-kahovskoi-ges-vsi-novini.html). By lunch, almost the whole station was a cart.
On the Right Bank of the Kherson region, 28 gunpoints and 3,329 houses were flooded due to the blasting of the dam. As of June 8, 2 154 people have been evacuated, 120 of them are children.
The flooding is also recorded in the territory of the Nikolaev area.
_ Photo: Ruslan Kravchenko - Chairman of the Kiev Regional State Administration _
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720210-kiivsina-vidpravila-na-hersonsinu-persu-partiu-dopomogi.html 
Youth World Cup 2023 Football: Uruguay will play in the final 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T18:59:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:59:00+03:00
Description: In Argentina, the 23rd Ritia of the World Football Championship among youth teams (players under 20 years) continues. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Футбол']
Type: Article
 Vargentina continues the 23rd FIFACE CABLICATION FIFACE AGAINING AGABLE AGAINING COMMAND(Players under 20 years).
Першу путівку до вирішальшого протистояння здобули футболісти Уругваю, які упівфіналі завдали поразки одноліткам з Ізраїлю - 1:0, передає Укрінформ.
Другу путівку у фінал розіграють Італія та Республіка Корея.
Фінал молодіжного ЧС-2023 відбудеться 11 червня у Ла-Платі.
Читайте також: Збірна України з футбол у прибула до Бремена на матчіз Німеччиною Recall that the current winner of the youth championship is the national team of Ukraine, which won the title in 2019 in Poland.
2021 Football World Cup(U20)The pandemic was not conducted.
Photo: FIFA.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720322-molodiznij-cs2023-z-futbolu-urugvaj-zigrae-u-finali.html 
In the occupied Berdyansk, an explosion came 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:00:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T19:00:00+03:00
Description: There was an explosion in the temporarily captured Berdyansk. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16775... ']
Tags: ['Бердянськ', 'Вибух', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The explosion occurred in the Berdyansk.
About it in telegram Melitopol Ivan Fedorov, reported by Melitopol, Ukrinform reports.
"According to local reports, it burns a car near a building that Russian -owned by Russian owners for their own purposes," Fedorov said.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720167-u-zahoplenij-volnovasi-povidomlaut-pro-vibuhi-ta-zniknenna-zvazku.html)As reported by Ukrinform, yesterday in two temporarily captured enemies of Zaporizhzhya region - Mirne village and Tokmak - bullshitously powerful explosions . _ Photo illustrative _
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720215-v-okupovanomu-berdansku-prolunav-vibuh.html 
State reconstruction should take place at the expense of 80% of private capital - Ministry of Economy 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:00:24+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T19:00:24+03:00
Description: The reconstruction of the state in a global sense should take place at the expense of 80% of private capital, and this needs to create preconditions that will stimulate investors to invest in Ukraine. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Мінекономіки', 'Юлія Свириденко', 'Відбудова']
Type: Article
 The reconstruction in the global sense should take place at the expense of 80% of private capital;
According to Ukrinform, the press service [Ministry of Economy] reports it(https://www.me.gov.ua/News/Detail?lang=uk-UA&id=ac2129b7-1140-4d74-8468-4e897593e7b9&title=SCobPriishovInvestor).
“I believe that the reconstruction of the state in a global sense should take place at the expense of 80%of private capital. For this to happen, it is necessary to create the preconditions that will make investors to invest in Ukraine. We have to give a clear signal and ourselves within the society we build. In order to attract investors, the Ukrainian economy should grow faster than the neighbors, ”the first Viceremier -Minister of Ukraine -Minister of Economy Yuliasviridenko said.
Read also: Construction of the new hydroelectric power plant can cost about $ 1 billion - Ministry of Economy According to her, the government is now working on three fundamental directions: ensuring our defense forces, urgent restoration and provision of mural. All of these areas are interrelated, and therefore a clear vision of how our current steps to stabilize the economy are to ensure its further development after victory.
Sviridenko believes that Ukraine should develop first and foremost those sectors that have competitive advantages. It is about the agricultural industry, green metallurgy, mechanical engineering, woodworking, IT industry, Military-Tech, health care and pharmaceuticals. At the same time, the business environment requires the reform of the law enforcement and judicial system, and to create conditions for the safety of investors' capital.
“There will be big investments when Ukraine has security guarantees. To create a comfortable conditions to create a business, the government is working on total -regulation. In order for investors to come to us, the process of building in Ukraine should take place faster than the nearest neighbor. We also need to implement a more competitive tax system, ”Sviridenko stressed.
Read also: States continued duty -free mode for Ukrainian steel pursuit year 
It has been reported that the five -year restoration period of Ukraine will require additional investments of about $ 50 billion a year.
Photo: Ministry of Economy
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3720211-vidbudova-derzavi-mae-vidbuvatisa-kostom-80-privatnogo-kapitalu-minekonomiki.html 
The Ambassador of Ukraine to Germany visited the victims of a hostel in the dormitory 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:10:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T19:10:00+03:00
Description: Ambassador of Ukraine to Germany Alexei Makeev visited Ukrainians who were injured in a hostel in the German Apoldi (Turini Land). - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Гуртожиток', 'Німеччина', 'Посол', 'Пожежа']
Type: Article
 Ambassador of Ukraine in Germany Alexey Makeev visited Ukrainians who were injured in a dormitory in the German Apold(Earth Turning).
Про це дипломат повідомив у Фейсбуці , reports Ukrinform.
«Visited Ukrainians today who were injured during the tragic fire In the hostel in Apoldi, Eastern Turury, and who were temporarily relocated to the center of location of the searches of shelters Hermsdorfi. He heard about the biggest problems and immediately discussed the Turingy of Turingy Bodo Ramel, local police and social services. Something was settled directly on the spot, ”Makeev said.
The Ambassador of Ukraine was also convinced that fellow citizens were provided with the necessary assistance, and received assurances that maybe even today they would return back to Apold in their or new housing.
Read also: President UWC in Berlin Discussed need teaching Ukrainian schools Germany According to the diplomat, the investigation of the causes of the tragedy is ongoing, the previous ones will be given to the absence of signs of arson, but the final reason will determine the research.
As reported , June 4, in the house located in the content of Apolda, which in the east of the federal land of Germany thundia, broke out.
At the time of the fire, 245 people of Zafganistan, Syria and Ukraine were registered at the refugee shelter. As reported by the Head of the Regional Ministry of Internal Affairs in Federal Land, Turing George Mayer, Prazhazhi killed a child from Ukraine .
Photo: Facebook/Alexey Makeev
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720216-posol-ukraini-v-nimeccini-vidvidav-postrazdalih-vid-pozezi-u-gurtozitku-v-turingii.html 
In Ukraine, civil servants diminished - the Data of the Ministry of Finance 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:10:08+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T19:10:08+03:00
Description: As of April 1, 2023, 107 state authorities actually operate 173.7 thousand people, while at the first quarter the number of employees decreased by 2.1 thousand people. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15101... ']
Tags: ['Мінфін', 'Держслужба', 'Чиновник']
Type: Article
 As of April 1, 2023, 107 state authorities actually operated 173.7 thousand people, while at the first quarter the number of employees decreased by 2.1 thousand. persons.
According to Ukrinform, it reports the Ministry of Finance's press service. “The issue of optimization of the civil service and its functional examination is a priority for the government. Ministry of Finance together with NADS(National Agency of Ukraine for Civil Service)He is working on improving the expansion and efficiency of the public administration in Ukraine. After all, it will not only be used to use financial resources, but also to ensure the functioning of qualitative public service For the reconstruction of Ukraine, ”said Deputy Minister of Finance Roman Yermolychev.
In general, in public authorities as of the beginning of the second quarter of 2023 is functioning(without taking into account the security and defense sector)CMU Secretariat and 17 Ministers, 20 services, 14 agencies, 4 inspections, 4 commissions, 8 other state -hoods, the number of which is established by the Government, as well as 9 state bodies, the number of which is not established by the Cabinet of Ministers, 24 local state administrations of 6 judicial bodies.
Number of employees of state bodies established by the Cabinet of Ministers(01.04.23) 
Number of employees of state bodies not established by the Cabinet of Ministers(01.04.23) 
The number of local state administration employees(01.04.23) 
The number of judicial bodies without judges(01.04.23) 
The Ministry of Finance continues to develop an interactive analytical panel(Dashboard ")regarding the number of employees of state bodies. Read also: Nemchinov I told where they will take funds for increasing salaries to civil servants in the frontline It was reported that the IMF predicts in 2023 a decrease in the unemployment rate in Ukraine from 24.5% to 20.9% compared to 2022, but this is still considered a high level characteristic of a country covered by war.
Infographics: Ministry of Finance 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720217-v-ukraini-pomensalo-derzsluzbovciv-dani-minfinu.html 
In Riga, a rally at the Embassy of the Terrorist Country was condemned to condemn the Kakhovskaya Hydroe 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:13:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T19:13:00+03:00
Description: In the Latvian capital on Wednesday evening opposite the embassy of the terrorist state of Russia there was a protest action in connection with the commission of a terrorist act-the blast of the Dams of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, which led to the largest technogenic catastrophe in Europe in the last decades. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Діаспора', 'Латвія', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 On Wednesday evening, the Ulatvian capital was protesting in connection with the terrorist act in connection with the terrorist act-the undermining of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Dams, which has led to the largest in the last decades in Europe.
This was reported by Ukrinform correspondent.
The meeting organizer of the Confederation of Ukrainians Latvia "Viche" was able to collect a nearly 50 participants. There were many homemade posters for condemning the country of terrorist, as well as Ukrainian flags. With special interest, the participants of the action considered the flag with the signature of the commander -in -chief of the landslide of Zaluzhny. It was sent by one of the Ukrainian units - in gratitude to Zadobom, which is carried out by the Latvian diaspora.
The rally was made by Ukrainian activists, Latvian friends of Ukraine, Vienergi Edwards RatneEx, as well as Ambassador of Ukraine to Latvia Anatoly Kutsevol. As a result, a decisive position was expressed: Russia is a terrorist state that demonstrated its barbarism and committed another military crime in Ukraine. This became a kind of response to Moscow to the countries that urge Doming negotiations with the Kremlin.
 
 Participants called on the international community to condemn the Russian terrorist attack by the Nakakhovsky hydroelectric power station and bring the Russian Federation to justice for all the commissioning of notes. Foto: Oleg Kudrin 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3720218-u-rizi-na-zasudzenna-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-projsov-miting-u-posolstva-krainiterorista.html 
Nato-Ukraine commission held a meeting on Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power-About Prompt assistance 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:16:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T19:16:00+03:00
Description: The Natto-Ukraine Commission held a meeting for distance participation of the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine Dmitry Kuleba, which was convened on the initiative of the Ukrainian side to consider the situation after the destruction of the Dams of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plant. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Дмитро Кулеба', 'НАТО', 'Україна', 'допомога', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 Commission-Ukraine, held a meeting for the distance participation of the Minister of Foreign Lesses of Ukraine Dmitry Kuleba, which was convened on the initiative of the Ukrainian page to consider the situation after the destruction of the dam of Kakhovskaya HEP.
According to Ukrinform, such information is published today on the Sitiponno -Atlantic Alliance.
“The Secretary General of Jens Stoltenberg presented during the meeting of the NATO-Ukraine commission on Thursday(June 8 2023)where NATO's Ambassadors Taministra of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba met. In the course of the virtual participation, Kuleba's involvement informed the Allies about the destruction of the dam in Nova Kakhovka Seal of Ukraine, and revealed the large -scale devastating consequences of this disaster, ”the report said.
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Humanitarian aid was Ukrainian states As it is noted, during the meeting, Stoltenberg stressed that the consequences of this leaf for thousands of people and for the environment are dramatic, and called for allies to provide prompt assistance. The Allies expressed a powerful solidarity with Ukraine. Many of them have already sent critically necessary assistance to Ukraine, including water filters, pumps, generators and equipment for the construction of support.
Euro -Atlantic Coordination Center NATO From the response to the disaster, the detailed list of equipment for answers to the most complex needs of Ukraine among allies and partnerships has been extended.
“The Secretary -General emphasized the importance of immediate, medium -term tadorous assistance for Ukraine and noted that these issues would be a cellular topic during a meeting of NATO defense ministers next week, during the work of the contact group on defense of Ukraine, as well as during Vilnius Samite in July, It is emphasized in the Alliance information message.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720162-kitaj-zaaviv-so-gotovij-nadati-dopomogu-postrazdalim-unaslidok-rujnuvanna-kahovskoi-ges.html)
On the fact of undermining the occupiers of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, law enforcement officers began investigation under the article "Ecocid". Ukrhydroenergo stated that Kakhovskaya with sinus was not destroyed and is not recoverable.
Foto: NATO 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720225-komisia-natoukraina-provela-zasidanna-sodo-kahovskoi-ges-domovilisa-pro-operativnu-dopomogu.html 
The Russian army has lost more than 100,000 soldiers in Ukraine in half a year - the US in the OSCE 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:20:11+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T19:20:11+03:00
Description: The Russian army has lost more than 100,000 people in Ukraine in the last six months. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['ОБСЄ', 'США', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Russian army has lost more than 100,000 people in Ukraine in the last six months.
According to Ukrinform correspondent, the Deputy Head of Missiyan at the OSCE Courtney Ostrien said during the OSCE Permanent Council on Thursday.
"Russia's war against Ukraine has become not only a strategic but also a military service. Many have believed in it. Today, many consider the Russian army the second most powerful in Ukraine, "she said.
Read also: future reparations of Russia should compensate for losses through Kakhovsky Ecocide - Ukraine in OSCE According to Ostrien, technology, technology, leadership, troops, strategy, tactics and moral spirit of the Russian army "is an example of failure, even back to Moscow that Ukraine causes destructive, meaningless and unreasonable harm to Ukraine."
"It is estimated that the loss of Russian troops in the last six months was 100 thousand people," said the OSCE Deputy Head of the USSE Mission.
According to her, there is no doubt that "Russia is in a much worse setting today than to a full -scale invasion - in military, economic, geopolitical terms."
Read also: OSCE ready to support Ukraine in overcoming the effects of the Kakhov tragedy At the same time, it condemned the continuation of Russia's attacks on civilian infrastructure and expressed anxiety by the destruction of the Kakhovsky dam, which became a "pilot tragic result of an uncontrollable, full -scale invasion of Russia."
Ostrien emphasized that the United States would work to ensure that "the Kremlin of the Tai Taigs are held accountable."
She assured that the United States would continue to cooperate with Ukraine, as well as with our allies and partners to "meet the needs of Ukraine Napoli Battle and invest in the future capacity of Ukraine.""It is because we do not have illusions about Putin's aspirations, we consider that the most prerequisite for meaningful diplomacy and real peace is a stronger Ukraine, capable of restraining and protecting from any future aggression. Incarnation of negotiations to participate in constructive diplomacy, if it helps to find the way to a fair and long peace in accordance with the principles of statutory, " - said the Deputy Head of the USSE mission in the OSCE.
As reported by Ukrinform, earlier the Britain's delegation in the OSCE stated that Russia has only lost about 60,000 killed and wounded in Bakhmut, moving 29 kilometers only - one killed or wounded hip.
Photo: Twitter/USAMBOSCE
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720223-rosijska-armia-za-piv-roku-vtratila-v-ukraini-ponad-100-tisac-soldativ-ssa-v-obse.html 
In Kirovohrad region, the epidemic supervision of reservoirs to prevent cholera outbreak 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:25:37+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T19:25:37+03:00
Description: Due to the undermining of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station and the internal migration of the population in the Kirovograd region, there is a clear and enhanced epidemic supervision of reservoirs and water intake places to prevent cholera. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16397... ']
Tags: ['Холера', 'Лікарі', 'Кіровоградщина']
Type: Article
 In connection with the undermining of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station and the internal migration of the population to the Kirovograd region, a clear and enhanced epidemic supervision of reservoirs and places of water intake prevention of cholera.
About it during briefing The chief state doctor of Kirovograd region Nadiya Opechuk reported, Ukrinform reports.
“Due to the undermining of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, epidemic supervision is increased. Our laboratory has conducted 25 studies of water from open reservoirs to cholera. Results negative, ”Opechuk informed.
Read also: Ukraine is ready to respond quickly to outbreaks cholel and -kuzin According to her, the plan of monitoring of water in all open reservoirs, water intakes, river water was approved twice a month, ie once every 14 days. Such studies begin annually in the summer and end with the end of the summer, when the epidemic season of this disease passes.
As it was reported, in the morning of June 6, Russian terrorists undermined the Greblyukhov hydroelectric power plant It has caused a large -scale man -made and environmental disaster.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720226-na-kirovogradsini-posilili-epidemicnij-naglad-za-vodojmami-zadla-nedopusenna-spalahu-holeri.html 
Spanish conductor Ramon Torrelido will give a concert in Ukraine for the first time 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:28:02+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T19:28:02+03:00
Description: The concert of the Symphony Orchestra of the National Philharmonic of Ukraine under the leadership of the Spanish conductor Ramon Torrelido was rehearsated in Kyiv. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ', ' 1686241377-70... ', ' 1686241377-63... ', ' 1686241378-50... ']
Tags: ['Філармонія', 'Іспанія', 'Культура', 'Посол']
Type: Article
 The rehearsal of the concert of the Symphony Orchestra of the National Philharmonic of Ukraine under the leadership of the Spanish conductor Ramon Torrelido was rehearsed in Kiev.
This was reported by Ukrinform correspondent.
The event was attended by the Ambassador of the Kingdom of Spain to Ukraine Ricardolopes Aranda, Acting The Director General of the National Philharmonic by Ukraine Head Schwed.
 The performance itself will be held tomorrow, June 9, at 19:00. Soloists will be Valeria Tlis(soprano), Dmitry Tkachenko(violin), Olga Tabulin(contralto)And Alexander was drunk(tenor).
Свій концерт у Києві іспанський диригент присвячує концерт українськомународу.
"Зараз у житті немає нічого важливішого, аніж бути тут: треба бути з тими, хтостраждає. Головне, не витрачати свого часу, а поділяти його з іншими людьми. Яприїхав, щоб ми могли розділити між нами музику, наше горе та нашу радість", -зауважив Торрельєдо. Він підкреслив, що музиканти роблять важливу справу, бокожна дрібка мистецтва - чи то нота, чи то мазок на полотні, несуть в собімеседж любові.
 Maestro's first visit to Kiev initiated the Embassy of the Kingdom of Spain in Ukraine. The rehearsal of the future concert was held in the Philharmonic Column Hall, where the works of Spanish composers were performed, in particular, the interlude of Sarsueliel Batel Federico Chuck, as well as the Spanish Symphony for orchestromedar Lalo. Also included in the concert program includes Music Manuel de Fali, Pablasorosabal, Federica Moreno-Torrob, Juan Himenes. The organizers emphasized that during the concert the interpretation of Ukrainian Rhapsody # 2 "Dumka-Shumka" Mykola Lysenko in the translation for Vladimir Stetsenko's violin will be released by Levko Kolodub.
 Ramon Torrelido is a Spanish pianist, conductor, popularizer of classical music in the world. He conducts orchestras in Spain and Europe, is the head of the festival Mundi Talents Awards. In order to convey the classical music of the people, it acts for different audiences, including factories, hospitals, cathedrals. In 2005, he gave a concert at the barracks of the death camp and prison.
Photo: Dmitry Golovchenko
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3720227-ispanskij-dirigent-ramon-torreledo-vperse-dast-koncert-v-ukraini.html 
Lisogor: from the beginning of the invasion of 50% of Lugansk teachers - either abroad or in occupation 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:28:12+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T19:28:12+03:00
Description: Since the beginning of a full -scale invasion of 50% of Luhansk teachers are either abroad or in the temporarily captured territories of the region. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16829... ']
Tags: ['Луганщина', 'Освіта']
Type: Article
 From the beginning of the full -scale invasion, 50% of Lugansk teachers are either abroad or temporarily captured in the territories of the region.
The head of the regional military administration Artem Lisogor said this at the Forum "Education of the Luhansk Oblast: Reintegration and Reintegration", the head of the regional military administration, reported by Ukrinform.
"We have lost about 50% of teachers since 2022, this is due to those who have left the occupied territory, and those who are abroad are in a while, these are about 700 specialists. But we communicate with them, and there is a desire for them(In people - ed.)Back, "said Lisogor.
He added that there is a personnel deficit in the level of the region.
"Some changes in funding legislation are needed, which will allow us to paid experts who will go to the de -checked territories, a 200% allowance of the conditions in which they will work, and mandatory guarantee, if it is a young expert - the possibility of unprecedented and non The entry of effort and obligation then to work out the predictive territories for three years, "Lisogor said, adding that separate programs will be worked out under each such person.
The head of the Ova also noted that after the de-occupation of the Luhansk region it is necessary not only to restore educational institutions, but also to restore all their material and technical base, which the occupiers were looted.
“Many schools have been completely or partially destroyed, and in almost all schools, at least new windows are needed. It is clear that it is necessary to make repairs, so why the army of invaders without neglecting that it is educational institutions, lived in them. 'FRIENDS, INTERACTIVELYSHIES, PARTS - they took it all. Many schools will need to hold works to replace the same heating. There were modern boilers, boilers, have a momogorization that it was partially cut, taken out, ”Lisogor said.
According to him, there are now 572 educational establishments in the temporarily occupied territory of the region, of which 252 school , 270 kindergartens, 25 out -of -school education institutions, 18 educational education institutions, 4 - professional higher education, 2 - higher education, 1 - postgraduate pedagogical education. Read also: new Ukrainian school reform is introduced for 5-9 classes- Shmigal As Lisogor added, those children who did not leave their families of the region after February 24 are forced to attend schools that are already taught by Russian programs, and after de -occupation, another call will not only be given to textbooks, but also the introduction of educational programs, since some children were removed Ukrainian education until February 24, 2022. There are also those who have already completed the school, and they will also need to work with the area.
However, as noted by the head of the Lugansk administration, there are cases where children of the Lugansk region are involved in studying in Ukrainian schools online.
"I am very proud that this year we have been able to provide those children who have known 11th grade, certificates for completion of school education," - said Lisogore.
At the same time, he noted that on safety issues, the number of such children is non -existent because the occupation administrations respond to such reports.
As it was reported, according to [data of the Ministry of Education and Science]](https://saveschools.in.ua/), in Ukraine, 3 281 educational institutions were affected by bombardment and shelling. 262 of them is completely destroyed.
There are 572 institutions in the temporarily captured territory of Luhansk region, of which 252 schools, 270 kindergartens, 25 out -of -school establishments, 18 educational education institutions, 4 - professional higher education, 2 - higher education, 1 - postgraduate pedagogical education. As of the end of 2022, 184 of the education of the region was damaged.
Foto: Lugansk Ova 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720228-lisogor-iz-pocatku-vtorgnenna-50-uciteliv-lugansini-abo-za-kordonom-abo-v-okupacii.html 
Poltava region transferred 100 tons of drinking water for residents of Kherson region 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:31:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T19:31:00+03:00
Description: The first tranche of assistance from residents of Poltava region-five 20 ton trucks-is already on the road. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Херсонщина', 'Полтавщина', 'Вода', 'допомога', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 The first-time assistance from the inhabitants of the Poltava region-five 20-ton trucks-is already on the road.
According to Ukrinform, Dmitry Lunin, the head of the Poltava Regional Military Administration, reported in telegram .
“Constantly communicating with our colleagues from the Kherson region. Currently, drinking water is the most acute need for residents of communities affected by the Kakhovsky Hydroelectric Power Products. All communities and rayons joined the cargo collection. Significant is the help from socially responsible business . Drinking water is vital for residents of Kherson region who were injured as a result of the exploration of Kakhovskaya HEP occupants, ”Lunin stressed.
He added that the regional administration is constantly in touch with colleagues.
Read also: Kyiv region sent to the Kherson region the first party aid “We respond to needs. Collecting the necessary things and drinking water is ongoing. Support one one, ”the head of Poltava region emphasized.
As it was reported, on the morning of June 6 Russian terrorists undermined the Greblyukhov hydroelectric power plant It has caused a large -scale man -made and environmental disaster.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720233-poltavsina-peredala-100-tonn-pitnoi-vodi-dla-ziteliv-hersonsini.html 
More than 3.3 thousand dwellings remain flooded as a result 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:34:07+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T19:34:07+03:00
Description: As a result of the exploration of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants, 3,375 Ukrainian homes remain flooded. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Клименко', 'МВС', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 As a result of the healing of the Russian troops of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, 3,375 Ukrainian Ukrainians remain flooded.
The Minister of Internal Affairs of Ukraine Igor Klimenko informed about it in video message , reports Ukrinform.
"On the third day, all Ukraine fights with the consequences of a disaster caused(2 334 persons - edited by data - ed.), 3375 of our citizens remain flooded for a moment, ”Klimenko said.
He said that 62 vessels, rescuers and volunteers were in the Kherson. In addition, according to the Minister, the rescue of people from the Bashtansky district of Mykolaiv region. Klimenko said that about 800 citizens have already been evacuated from there.
Read also: NATO-Ukraine commission has held a meeting on Kakhovsk HPPs-agreed on prompt assistance As reported by Ukrinform, on the night against June 6, the Russian army of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station . The state of the meadows on June 8 underwater was already 600 square meters. km of the territory, the average level of underground - 5.61 m.
On the Right Bank of the Kherson region in the area of disaster there are about 16 thousand people, evacuation is ongoing. On the temporarily occupied Left Bank the situation is a situation, the invaders do not evacuate people. The Government of Ukraine called on international humanitarian organizations to take the issue of evacuation of people with occupied Russian territories of Kherson region.
Photo: Ministry of Internal Affairs
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720230-ponad-33-tisaci-osel-zalisautsa-pidtoplenimi-vnaslidok-pidrivu-rosianami-kahovskoi-ges.html 
The Russian army concentrated forces in four directions, heavy fights continue 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:36:34+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T19:36:34+03:00
Description: Russian troops concentrate major efforts in Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky, and 26 combat clashes took place during the day. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16846... ']
Tags: ['Генштаб', 'ЗСУ', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Ruskivskaya focuses major efforts in Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions, and 26 fighting took place during the day.
The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine reported this on Facebook Having published operational information as of 18:00 on Thursday, June 8, Ukrinform reports.
As noted in the General Staff, in the mentioned directions for each square metrates heavy battles.
In total, during the day, Russian invaders made one missile and 27 aviation strikes, as well as about 30 shelling of the reactive systems of the railway system at the positions of the Defense Forces of Ukraine and settlements.
It is emphasized that the likelihood of the enemy of missile and aviation strikes throughout Ukraine is "very high".
Aviation of defense forces in total per day struck 18 beats in the areas of concentration of the personal composition of the Russian army and two on hostile anti-aircraft missile complexes.
Units of Ukrainian missile troops and artillery during the day were struck by five government utilities, six areas of concentration of live power, weapons of Tavi equipment, two anti-aircraft missile complexes, eight artillery units at fire positions and two more important objects of invaders.
On Volynskyi and Polissya directions Operational situation, as an information of the General Staff, has not undergone significant changes. Signs of formation of offensive groups of the enemy have not been detected.
Separate units of the Armed Forces of the Silrosian Federation continue to be located at the Belarus landfills.
At the Siversky and Slobozhansky directions Russia retains military adventure in the border areas with Ukraine, strengthens the composition of the border grouping at the expense of territorial troops.
The Russian aviation beat Miropil, Sinny and Severinovtsisum region during the day. From mortars and artillery, the enemy fired at atin, Bezsalivka, Miropillya and Ponomarenko of Sumy region, as well as Krasne, Morokhovets, Lukyanka, Starytsia, Gatyshche, Vovchansk and Chugunivka of Kharkiv region.
On the Kupyansk direction artillery and mortar strikes from Russian, Kamyanka, Krasne First, Novomlinsk, two -year, Kyslivka, Tabayivka Iberestovo, Kharkiv region and Novoselivska Lugansk region.In the Bakhmut direction the Russian army tried to improve tactical and conducted offensive actions in the direction of Ivanivsky, but the success did not have success.
Read also: Syrsky declared the successes of the military at Bakhmutskaya Vasyukivka, Minskivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Grigorivka, Bogdanivka, Ivanivske, Stupochka, Oleksandr-Schultine, White Gora, Friendship, Toretsk and North Donetsk region were injured from enemy artillery shelling.
On the Avdeevsky direction the Russian troops made unsuccessful attempts from the Non -Savel from Severny and Experimental. The invaders struck from the aviation in the district Avdiivka, from the artillery - in the districts of Novokalinov, Avdiivka, Tonny, Pervomaisky and Karlovka of Donetsk region.
In the Mariinsky direction Defense forces repelled all Russian attacks in the area of the Namarinka, causing the enemy to lose. In the areas of Marinka, Viceda and Novomikhailivkidonetsk region, strikes of enemy artillery are recorded.
In the Shakhtar direction The Russian army fired at the coal, the miner, the Golden Niva and the Uremivka of Donetsk region.
On Zaporizhzhya and Kherson directions Russian troops continue the Valiorone actions, in the area of Gulyaypol of Zaporizhzhya region caused an aircraft scaffold.
Artillery shelling From the Russian Burlatske, Green Field, Novosilka, Novopil and Temivka, Donetsk region, Olgiv, Gulyaypole, Railway, Belogorye and Kamyanskoye Zaporizhzhya region, as well as Kherson, Berislav and Antonovka of Kherson region.
According to the General Staff, the Russian military leadership has significant problems with the wake of its subordinates. Yes, servicemen who have recently signed a contract in military units stationed in the city of Volgograd were issued boots instead of shoes with high berets.
It is established that the military uniforms of Russian contractors are forced to buy assertive funds.
As reported by Ukrinform, in the Bakhmut direction of defense forces advanced 1600 meters on the southern northern flanks.
Foto: Konstantin Liber 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720232-armia-rf-zoseredila-sili-na-cotiroh-napramkah-trivaut-vazki-boi.html 
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Ukraine has handed NATO a list of urgent humanitarian needs 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:42:10+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T19:42:10+03:00
Description: Ukraine has submitted a list of urgent humanitarian needs to overcome the consequences of the Kakhovsk Hydroe Public Dams and will receive assistance in the framework of the Euro -Atlantic Coordination Center for Response to Natural Disaster and Catastrophe. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16860... ']
Tags: ['Дмитро Кулеба', 'НАТО', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 Ukraine has transmitted a list of urgent humanitarian needs to overcome the consequences of Russia's dams of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station and will receive assistance in the Euro -Atlantic Coordination Center for Natural Disasters Takatastrophe in the near future.
This was discussed during the participation of the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine Dmitry Kulebu as an urgent meeting of the Commission of Ukraine - NATO, reports Ukrinform with the Foreign Ministry of Ukraine .
“Ukraine has submitted to the Euro -Atlantic Coordination Center for Response Agricultural Disaster and Catastrophe, which outlined the specific needs of the Ukrainian page. I am grateful to NATO and individual allies for their rapid readiness to help Ukraine to overcome the consequences of Russia's terrorist attack at the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, ”the minister said.
Read also: [more than 3.3 thousand homes remain flooded as a result of the rupture of the Russians Kakhovsk (https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720230-ponad-33-tisaci-osel-zalisautsa-pidtoplenimi-vnaslidok-pidrivu-rosianami-kahovskoi-ges.html)Kuleba emphasized that the Kakhovska catastrophe demonstrates the absence of any limits to Russia's crime. According to him, as long as Russia occupies the Ukrainian land, the threat of new Russian crimes will remain. That is why the help of NATO allies for the release of the whole territory of Ukraine is critical.
"I urge partners to further strengthen Ukraine's defense capability, in particular to continue the supply of artillery ammunition and gun155 -caliber as soon as possible," the minister stressed.
He also urged partners to make a decision at the NATO summit in Vilnius, which will be unacceptable to Ukraine's accession to the Alliance. In his opinion, Ukraine's membership in Ntotovna is the benefit of the Alliance, since Ukraine already has significant contribution of Euro -Atlantic security today, operates according to NATO standards and uses Nativa.
Read also: NATO-Ukraine commission held a meeting on Kakhovsk Os HPP-agreed on prompt assistance 
As it was reported, the Nato-Ukraine commission held today a meeting of the tender participation of Dmitry Kuleba, which was convened on the initiative of the Ukrainian side to consider the situation that was formed after the destruction of the Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power Plants.
At night June 6, the Russian army blown up the dam of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station . In Kherson region, rescue robots continue to evacuate the population from flooding places. Particularly dramatic situations remain in the temporarily occupied territories, where the Russian population has left the civilians without any help, while Ukraine's accessible services to these people are extremely complicated or impossible.
On the fact of undermining the occupiers of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, law enforcement officers began investigation under the article "Ecocid". Ukrhydroenergo stated that Kakhovskaya with sinus was not destroyed and is not recoverable.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720234-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-ukraina-peredala-nato-spisok-terminovih-gumanitarnih-potreb.html 
USAID will provide ₴ 22.5 million assistance to the victims of Kakhovskaya Hydroe Business 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:48:40+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T19:48:40+03:00
Description: The United States Agency for International Development (USAID) will provide 22.5 million hryvnias for the victims of the Kakhovsky Hydroelectric Power Plant to farms. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_14930... ']
Tags: ['Гуманітарна допомога', 'США', 'USAID']
Type: Article
 US Agency for International Development(USAID)will provide UAH 22.5 million to the victims of the Kakhovsky hydroelectric power station to farms.
This is stated in the press release of the US Embassy in Ukraine, which is in the disposal of Ukrinform.
It is noted that thanks to the direct budget support of the Cabinet of Ministers in the amount of $ 22.9 billion, USAID helps the Government of Ukraine to pay salaries of 57,000 SES employees, including rescuers operating in the Uchherson region.
Read also: [ USAID and partners have launched assistance to the victims of the Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719670-usaid-i-partneri-rozgornuli-dopomogu-postrazdalim-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html)More than 1,000 households affected by flood will be provided at 22.5 million hryvnias. Each household will receive 2 200 UAH(60 US dollar)per person for three months, in total, up to five people in the affected areas.
USAID also reported that more than 14,000 people were providing drinking water, giving hot lunches 7,000 people in Kherson and Nikolaev and provided with 10,000 liters of fuel to support rescue operations on water and emergency care.
The US Agency is engaged in the provision of buses for the evacuation of the Government of Ukraine and boats to support rescue work, work with a plan for the delivery of pumps for Kherson's critical infrastructure.
Read also: Kherson received from USAID six machines with technical salt for the heating system It was reported that the United States Agency for International Development, together with partners in the first hours after the blasting of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, launched assistance for Ukrainian residents affected by the consequences of this catastrophe.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720239-usaid-nadast-225-miljona-dopomogi-postrazdalim-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-gospodarstvam.html 
In Congo rebel-extremists committed another mass murder 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:54:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T19:54:00+03:00
Description: Human rights groups reported that at least 18 people in several villages were killed in the East-East. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Конго', 'Напад', 'Вбивство', 'Повстанці']
Type: Article
 Human rights groups have reported that at least 18 people in several villages have conquered in the east.
According to Ukrinform, it reports Associated Press .
The united democratic forces fighters attacked people in the villages of Mutai, Beccambole and Bousles in the territory of the Ituri Province last weekend, Cristof Munander, Coordinator of the Human Rights Convention, said in the middle of the Human Rights.
He added that the houses in these settlements were also robbed.
Initially, the united democratic forces acted in the province of North Kivu, and the group also expanded the influence on the neighboring Ituri province. Attempts by the Army of the Congot forces of the Uganda to push the rebels turned out to be unsuccessful.
As it was reported, at the end of May at least 17 people were killed by the extra-extremes Northern Kiwu in the east of the Congo.
It is believed that the organization of the United Democratic forces is connected by the Islamic State with Zhugropod.
Read also: in the east Congo militants undermined the church, ten -way The conflict in the eastern part of the Congo, where more than 120 armed groups have been fighting for a long time. Most compete for land and control over mines with valuable minerals, some groups are trying to protect their communities.
According to UN Since April last year, at least 370 civilians have been killed in the Congo's united democratic forces and several hundred people have been stolen, in particular, the large -scale children.
In March, the group recognized their involvement in the murder of more than 35 people of hid dozens in the province of North Kivu.
Photo: Creative Lens/World Bank
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720242-u-kongo-povstanciekstremisti-vcinili-cergove-masove-vbivstvo.html 
Ukrzaliznytsia will open cargo hubs for business throughout Ukraine, the first is planned - in Vinnitsa 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:56:41+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T19:56:41+03:00
Description: Ukrzaliznytsia will offer business habes throughout Ukraine, the launch of the former is considered at the Vinnytsia station, where there are all the necessary conditions. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Бізнес', 'Укрзалізниця', 'Вантажний хаб']
Type: Article
 Ukrzaliznytsia will offer business habes throughout Ukraine, the launch of the former is considered at the Vinnytsia station, where there are all the necessary conditions.
This was reported by a member of the UZ Board Vyacheslav Eremin, Ukrinform reports to the press service company .
“We continue to improve our vertical freight and prompt business New services of tamosiness. We hope that the creation of hubs will contribute to the development of average business in the regions of our country. In addition, Ukrzaliznytsya is in the near future to provide a complete list of transport services to cargo owners, ”Jerimin said.
The project of the first such a hub is considered at the Vinnytsia railway station, which moves to the balance of the intermodal operator of the CTS "Liski". It is a promising platform where you can organize the work of cargo of different nomenclature. In particular, their storage, overloading of railway traffic and vice versa.
Read also: Ukrzaliznytsia In May, almost twice reduced grain transportation volumes for export The delegation of JSC "Ukrzaliznytsia" within the framework of the international exhibition TRANSPORT LOGISTIC 2023 in Munich has signed a memorandum on mutual understanding(VTG GmbH). Сторони розвиватимуть інтермодальне сполучення міжУкраїною і країнами Європи.
Фото з сайту railinsider.com.ua
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720240-ukrzaliznica-vidkrie-vantazni-habi-dla-biznesu-po-vsij-ukraini-persij-planuut-u-vinnici.html 
Ukrainian volunteer Yaroslav Zhuk is tortured in the Rostov detention center - Lubinets 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:58:10+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T19:58:10+03:00
Description: Ukrainian volunteer Yaroslav Zhuk, who was abducted in Melitopol of the Zaporizhzhya region last year, is tortured in the Rostov pre -trial detention center. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16832... ']
Tags: ['Мелітополь', 'Волонтери', 'Дмитро Лубінець']
Type: Article
 Ukrainian volunteer Yaroslav Zhuk, whom the Russian military stole the Melitopols of the Zaporozhye region last year, was tortured in the Rostov detention center.
Dmitry Lubinets, the Verkhovna Rada Commissioner for Human Rights, reported this(https://t.me/dmytro_lubinetzs/2671), reports Ukrinform.
He noted that hearing a case regarding a stolen resident of Melitopol in the Southern District Military Court in Rostov-on-Dononopol.
"A citizen of Ukraine stated that he was tortured by detention center staff. The defendant is constantly being humiliated and offended, "Lubinets informed.
Read also: in the illegally condemned by Russia, Irina Danilovich has arranged ear disease - Ombudsman The Human Rights Commissioner emphasized that such misconduct on the part of the SIZO-1 employees violate Article 3 of the Convention on the Protection of Human Rights of Inshovic Freedoms "Prohibition of Torture".
"According to the Ombudsman's office, Yaroslav Marina's wife, the husband is kept by the man, where the number of people exceeds the number of sleeping places, because of the daughter, they have to sleep on the cold floor, even without a mattress. These actions are to be ordered by all the rules of international law, Ukrainian and even Russian.
He stressed that torture and inhuman treatment during Russian coordination - these are war crimes and crimes against humanity for national tamzhzhnaya mechanisms of justice.
Read also: invaders in three months stole at the peninsula at least18 Crimean Tatars The Ombudsman stated that the involvement of the Russian Federation was justified by the purpose of Ukraine and the duty of the entire democratic world.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720241-ukrainskogo-volontera-aroslava-zuka-katuut-u-rostovskomu-sizo-lubinec.html 
Putin's doubles are in closed places and under vigilant security - intelligence 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T19:59:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:59:00+03:00
Description: The President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin uses double technology. They are in closed places and under vigilant security. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16640... ']
Tags: ['Лукашенко', 'Путін', 'Розвідка']
Type: Article
 ПрезидентРосійської Федерації Володимир Путін використовує технологію двійників. Вониперебувають у закритих місцях і під пильною охороною.
Про це представник Головного управління розвідки Міністерства оборони УкраїниАндрій Юсов розповів в інтерв‘ю "Українській правді" , reports Ukrinform.
"Putin uses double technology. It is a fact based on both patronage intelligence and physiognomic doctors and many other specialists," he said.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711644-ostanni-piv-roku-na-oficijni-zahodi-izdat-dvijniki-putina-budanov.html)The GUR representative noted that visits to the temporarily occupied south of Ukraine are an absolute resolution. According to him, there was a very great difference both in behaviors and in the appearance of the so -called "Putin".
"He would never sit in that motor transport and in this form. He would be unpowered with a conditional local population, because we understand that access to a lively Putin in the Kremlin even for his own Hand, what they saw in Mariupol in the occupied Kherson region is a precise institution and a performance, "Yusov explained.
He informed that the doubles of the President of the Russian Federation live in more than one place. "They have been closed and under extreme vigilant protection," the representative of Ukrainian intelligence emphasized.
Read also: Danilov: In the occupied territory of Ukraine went double Putin At the same time, he added that the President of the Republic of Belarus is Alexander Lukashenman's double because he is "too atypical."
According to Ukrinform, according to GUR MOU, the President of the Russian Federation Putin uses at least three doubles.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720314-dvijniki-putina-perebuvaut-u-zakritih-miscah-i-pid-pilnou-ohoronou-rozvidka.html 
An expert group is created to hold the Russian Federation to the ecocide - Zelensky 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T1:21:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:21:00+03:00
Description: Ukraine creates an expert group for consolidating the world community in order to bring the Russian Federation to the ecocide. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Зеленський', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Війна з Росією', 'Екоцид']
Type: Article
 It Ukrainian has been Ukrainian to consolidate the world community in order to bring the Russian Federation to an ecocid.
Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated this during appeal To the world eco -activists, thought leaders and international experts, Ukrinform reports.
"Just as we have created special expert groups that are engaged in the imposition of sanctions and security guarantees for Ukraine, we create an expert group that will first and foremost consolidate the world, so that the ecocide is full of Russia's responsibility, so that our country does not remain alone with this traggy - with ecocidia" , - said Zelensky .
He expressed confidence that with sufficient leadership in the world, the corresponding tools can be created. The Head of State called on the world community to build up the relevant initiative.
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Zelensky Prescribing to the National Organization for "zero Support" As reported by Ukrinform, on the night of June 6 the Russian army blown up the Dumbleukhove hydroelectric power station . On the fact of undermining the invaders of the Hydroelectric Power Plant, law enforcement officers began investigations under the article "Ecocid".
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720305-stvoruetsa-ekspertna-grupa-dla-pritagnenna-rf-do-vidpovidalnosti-za-ekocid-zelenskij.html 
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant: water level in the reservoir decreased by almost a meter 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T20:00:00-04:00
Description: The Kakhovsky water monitor, 8 worms, the village at 8:00 will go to the zesznnya of Rivnya ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when The war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 181116-1_large_bf.jpg ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС', 'ШТАБ ЛІКВІДАЦІЇ НАСЛІДКІВ ПІДРИВУ']
Category: News
 In the Kakhovka reservoir today, June 8, as of 8:00, the water level continues. In the Nikopol area, the level is 13.05 m. For the preduction of water in the Kakhovka reservoir decreased by almost a meter.
About it reports The headquarters of the elimination of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station by Russian terrorists.
“Currently, the destruction of the water drowth, earthen insertion between the station and the gateway continue. Ukrhydroenergo, together with Ukrenergo for the more balanced work of the power system, process possible scenarios with the consequences of the destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, ”the message reads.
The headquarters also process the project of the jumper(overlap)Kakhovsky Damage to restore the water level to the projected mark for the blast. A list of priority tasks and works is prepared.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-riven-vody-na-vodoshovyshhi-zmenshyvsya-majzhe-na-metr/ 
Wayforpay Payment Service has passed the list - National Bank 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T20:01:01+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T20:01:01+03:00
Description: The National Bank conducted a Wayforpay payment service. In the coming days, the service will resume its work. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16835... ']
Tags: ['Ліцензія', 'Нацбанк', 'WayForPay']
Type: Article
 The National Bank conducted a Wayforpay payment service. The service will resume its work at the next day.
The company reported this on its Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/wayforpay/posts/769101465217934) , передаєУкрінформ.
«Сервiс WayForPay пройшов переліцензування. Для поновлення приойму платежівнеобхідно пройти ще ряд офіційних процедур, а також провести налаштування тапоновити роботу з українськими банками. Це може зайняти один робочий день», -йдеться в повідомленні.
Читайте також: НБУ спростував інформацію, що збиратиме дані про всікарткові платежі українців As reported, in May, Wayforpay payment service suspended receipts. This was due to the detention of considering documents on the continuation of the license(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-nacbank). Because of this, partner banks suspended work with the service before providing a licensee.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720243-platiznij-servis-wayforpay-projsov-perelicenzuvanna-nacbank.html 
In Zaporozhye the Sea of Fish is not fixed, but there is a threat - ova 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T20:01:05+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T20:01:05+03:00
Description: In Zaporozhye, as of June 8, the Sea of Fish is not recorded, but there is a threat because the water level continues to decline. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16295... ']
Tags: ['Риба', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Запоріжжя']
Type: Article
 As of June 8, Nazaporezhzhi has not been recorded, but there is a threat, the booven of water continues to decline.
About it in ether The head of the Zaporizhzhya Ova Yuri Malashko told the Public: Resistance, Ukrinform reports.
"The Upper Biet is normal, and the lower beer of the Dnieper hydroelectric power station is the level of water from the moment of blasting Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station . It decreased by 3 m and continues to decrease by about 11 cm/hour, " - the comment reads.
As for the sea of fish, such a phenomenon in Zaporozhye has not been recorded at this time, aluvating the situation is a serious threat that some lakes may remain homeless from the Dnieper.
Read also: in the Dnipropetrovsk region through the massive sea almost tonne fish The situation at the NPP is normal, water in the cooling rate at a sufficient cooperation is 16.6 m.
As it was reported, due to the undermining of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station there is a threat of drying the Chortytsky floodplain , near Khortytsia Island. The ecosystem can be affected seriously.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720244-na-zaporizzi-moru-ribi-ne-zafiksovano-ale-zagroza-e-ova.html 
The first payments under the Equation Program were received by residents of Kyiv and Donetsk region - Shmigal 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T20:04:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T20:04:00+03:00
Description: The first payments of the funds of the program of the Equilibrium program, which provides for monetary assistance from the state for repair of housing damaged through hostilities, has already begun. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Гроші', 'Шмигаль', 'єВідновлення']
Type: Article
 The first payments of the funds of the program of the program were renewed, which provides for money assistance from the state for repair of housing damaged through combat.
This was reported by Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal in telegram , reports Ukrinform.
“The first payments within the Equilization Program have begun. They were received by people of Kyiv and Donetsk region, ”he informed them.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3720174-evidnovlenna-v-ukraini-startuvali-persi-viplati-dopomogi-na-remont-zitla.html)Shmigal noted that in total, Ukrainians have filed more than 17.3 thousand applications for the recovery of damaged property.
He added that the government has already allocated 4.4 billion UAH for the program.
The Prime Minister also noted that he held a meeting with the Ministry of Ministry of Frastructure and the Ministry of Digital Transformation to improve the repair system for the destroyed and damaged property, where he heard information on the relevant register and the steps being prepared.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3718415-ukrainskij-biznes-moze-dolucitis-do-programi-evidnovlenna.html)In addition, Shmigal gave the task of the Ministry of Infrastructure to accelerate the work of overcome compensation to people who have already made repairs at their own expense.
"He has raised the issue of efficiency of work of local commissions engaged in the need for damage," he said.
The Prime Minister has specified that 444 commissions have been created currently and 700.
Read also: BP Budget Committee has agreed to allocate 4.4 billion to " Esolation " Shmigal stressed that the work of commissions should be public and accessible to every citizen, as well as the process of submitting applications and tracking the stages of their consideration.
"The Ministry of Insfrastructure is working to create such a system to all be as comfortable as possible for people," Smigal summed up.
As it was reported, on May 10, the project began. Every citizen whose housing was damaged as a result of the armed aggression of the Russian Federation may apply for state aid for current housing repair.
Photo: Denis Shmigal, Telegrams
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3720247-persi-viplati-za-programou-evidnovlenna-otrimali-ziteli-kiivsini-ta-doneccini-smigal.html 
Ukrainian military completed training in Sweden 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T20:06:12+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T20:06:12+03:00
Description: In Sweden, military training from Ukraine ended, in which they mastered the use of CV90 infantry fighting vehicles. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Швеція', 'ЗСУ', 'Військові навчання']
Type: Article
 Sweden's training in the military from Ukraine, in which they mastered the use of CV90 infantry combat vehicles.
As Ukrinform reports, about it in Twitter The Swedish Defense Ministry reported.
“During the spring, the Swedish Armed Forces instructed the Ukrainian military in the use of CV90. Now they have returned to defend their Ukraine, ”they wrote in the Swedish defense department.
Read also: Stefanchuk called the Sweden Parliament to promote the transfer of weapons to Ukraine It was reported that in February this year, the Sweden Parliament approved record Ukrainian assistance to Ukraine worth almost $ 406 million, which, in particular, includes CV90 infantry fighting vehicles. Also to the tenth in the military assistance package from Sweden Anti -tank weapons, demining equipment and anti -tank rockets 57 were included.
Foto: Swedish Armed Forces 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720249-ukrainski-vijskovi-zaversili-navcanna-u-svecii.html 
On the Left Bank of Kherson region, invaders displace the evacuees in military facilities - the General Staff 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T20:11:12+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T20:11:12+03:00
Description: In the temporarily captured territories of the Kherson region, Russian invaders are displaced in the places of placement of their military units through the undermining of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, thus using civilians as cover. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16663... ']
Tags: ['Евакуація', 'Генштаб', 'Херсонщина', 'Російські військові', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 The Russian invaders are displaced in the places of placement of their military units, using civilians as a cover as a cover.
According to Ukrinform, the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine reported on Facebook .
"У населених пунктах тимчасово захопленої території Херсонської області Russian invaders continue to use the consequences of their crime for their purposes. In particular, people who were evacuated from flooded settlements are displaced in the boarding house of Tabazi recreation, where military units have already been placed, " - said Ugenstba.
Read also: from the flood zone to Kherson's in 2334 people.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720214-iz-zoni-pidtoplenna-na-hersonsini-evakuuvali-vze-2-334-ludini.html)As reported by Ukrinform, on the night of June 6 Russian army [blown up the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric gun] failed . _ Photo illustrative _
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720250-na-livoberezzi-hersonsini-zagarbniki-rozselaut-evakujovanih-po-vijskovih-obektah-genstab.html 
Bukovina has already sent 10 tons of assistance to Kherson residents 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T20:15:01+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T20:15:01+03:00
Description: From the Chernivtsi region, philanthropists have already sent 10 tons of humanitarian aid for the residents of the victims of the floodplain areas of Kherson region. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Буковина', 'Гуманітарна допомога', 'Херсонщина']
Type: Article
 The Philanthropists have already sent 10 tons of humanitarian assistance to the residents of the victims of the floodplain areas of Kherson region.
About it in Facebook The Chernivtsi Ova reports, Ukrinform reports.
"People began to bring drinking water, food, inflatable boats, pump.
Two headquarters were organized to collect humanitarian aid to the victims of Kherson region: an intermediate collection point of assistance located at: Chernivtsi, vul. Heroes Maidan, 194-B. You can bring water and small things from the list. At the same time, large size assistance will be accepted in LLC "Rodnyok" at: p. Boyana, str. Industrial, 1.
The regional administration reminded that to eliminate the consequences of extraordinary situations, they need:
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720210-kiivsina-vidpravila-na-hersonsinu-persu-partiu-dopomogi.html)Bukovina rescuers are also actively involved in the rescue of people, which are being sent 10 personnel to participate in emergency recovery work. In addition, special equipment will be sent there: a car crane, a truck is a tap, to be useful in the flooding zone.
Gathering the right things is ongoing.
In addition, Bukovynts and NGOs of the region are ready to accept the victims for free.In particular, people from flooding people will be able to be placed in six -building: dormitories, premises of educational establishments and administrative buildings, which have stopped repair work and created places for long -term residence.
Read also: over 3,3 thousand remain flooded due to blast by the Russians Kakhovskaya * HEES In the Chernivtsi region there is a "hotline" of assistance to displaced persons, including the victims of the residents of Kherson region, which provides advisory assistance to the pastons for free housing. Hotline number: 0800335047.
As it was reported, on June 6 Russian Russian occupation troops of the underground hydroelectric power station , as a result of the terrorist attack, about 80 settlements were partially flooded.
Foto: Chernivtsi Ova 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720252-bukovina-vze-vidpravila-10-tonn-dopomogi-meskancam-hersonsini.html 
The enemy fired at Nikopol region five times, there is a victim 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T20:18:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T20:18:00+03:00
Description: In the afternoon, Russian troops fired at the Nikopol district of Dnipropetrovsk 5 times. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Дніпропетровщина', 'Нікополь', 'Обстріл', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The daytime troops fired at the Nikopol district of Dnipropetrovsk 5 times.
About it in telegram Mykola Lukashuk, the Chief Properepetrovsk Regional Council, reported, Ukrinform reports.
"A 30-year-old man was injured through artillery firing at Nikopol. The mine-explosive injury was diagnosed with a mine-explosive.
Read also: as a result of the shelling in the Russian Federation in Kherson region, two -regulators are wounded The shelling also damaged the department store, administrative building, hotel, 4 -five -storey residential buildings, 2 cars, line electric transmission.
Other shelling was in the manganese community.
Rescuers carry out inspections of the territory.
As reported by Ukrinform, during the day on June 6, the Russian army fired at, Chervono -Grigorivsk and Manganese communities.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720253-vorog-pat-raziv-obstrilav-nikopolsinu-e-postrazdalij.html 
Transcarpathia build the first garbage processing plant for 27 communities 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T20:22:19+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T20:22:19+03:00
Description: In Transcarpathia, the construction of a garbage processing plant is underway, which will serve 27 communities in the Berehiv district. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ', ' 1686244641-83... ', ' 1686244640-61... ', ' 1686244640-81... ', ' 1686244641-14... ']
Tags: ['Сміття', 'Завод', 'Закарпаття']
Type: Article
 Nazakarpattya is under construction for a garbage processing plant, which will serve 27 communities in the Berehiv district.
According to the Ukrinform correspondent, the course of construction was inspected today by the head of theazarpattya regional council Volodymyr Chubirko.
The first in the area of the garbage processing plant, which is erected on the international project, in the village of Janosi, Berehiv district, should work by the end of 2023. It is planned that they will bring garbage from all over the area and possibly neighboring Mukachevo. The garbage collection points are planned to be installed in 27 communities of Berehiv district.
 According to Chubirko, the total area of construction is about 30 hectares, the projected capacity of the waste sorting line - 30 thousand tons per year.
 Now build a landfill for the first stage of sorted garbage, as well as an almost GOOD LINE FOR WASH sorting. The service life of the plant is not less than 25-30 years.
 Read also: [the single state sturgeon plant in Ukraine is completely heated as a result(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719593-edinij-derzavnij-osetrovij-zavod-v-ukraini-povnistu-zatoplenij-vnaslidok-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html)
 As reported in the Transcarpathian Regional Council, the garbage processing plant is being built by the international project EU .The general cost will establish 7 833 403.08 euros, of which the extent of the EU-Financing, provided for by the ENIUGRAGRAIN-Slovak-Romania-Ukraine 2014-2020 ENIUGROPROPROPROPUSION program, is 5 million euros.
The main applicant of the project is the European Association of Territorial Limited Liability(Êtots tisa), Hungary, partners-LLC Non-Commercial Agency(Hungary)and Agency Regional Development and Cross -Border Cooperation "Transcarpathia" of the Transcarpathian Regional Council.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720254-na-zakarpatti-buduut-persij-smittepererobnij-zavod-na-27-gromad.html 
The US has introduced special states against two IDIL leaders 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T20:25:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T20:25:00+03:00
Description: The United States included in the list of global terrorists, against which special restrictions are imposed, two regional IDIL leaders who operate in Iraq and the Sahal region. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15307... ']
Tags: ['ІДІЛ', 'Санкції', 'США']
Type: Article
 The connection included in the list of global terrorists, against which special restrictions are introduced, two regional leaders of IDIL, who carry out their activity in Iraq and the Sahal region.
This is stated in the official message of the US State Department, published in the night, Ukrinform reports.
“IDIL remains an active threat to peace and stability and maintain communication with the world financial system to ensure its terrorist activity. The core of IDIL rests with its regional offices of the provincial directories to ensure the operational guidance of and finance around the world, ”the document noted.
Read also: [in Libya to the death penalty condemned 23 people for the involvement(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716112-u-livii-do-smertnoi-kari-zasudili-23-ludej-za-ucast-u-kampanii-idil.html)Thus, US sanctions were imposed against Abdalli Al-Rufai's office emir in Iraq, and the senior head of the IDIL office in Abu Al-Mineki Sahel.
"The United States will continue to impose sanctions against the senior management of ISIL to suppress the terrorist activity of the group," the US Department of State.
As reported by Ukrinform, at the end of May, German law enforcement officers have a proof special operation against the network that financed the Islask State terrorist group.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720256-ssa-zaprovadili-specsankcii-proti-dvoh-vatazkiv-igil.html 
In the Beryslav district, a woman was killed as a result of Russian shelling 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T20:27:04+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T20:27:04+03:00
Description: Due to the shelling of the Russians of the Beryslav district of Kherson region, a woman was killed and another local resident was injured. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Херсонщина', 'Обстріл', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 In the afternoon, a woman was killed by the Russians of the Beryslav district of Kherson region and a permanent resident was injured.
According to Ukrinform, about it in telegram The Kherson Regional Prosecutor's Office reported.
“According to the investigation, on June 8, 2023, at about 3:30 pm, the Russian Army amazed shelling of the Berislav district. As a result of shelling One of the settlements by the subashes of the house was killed by a woman. Another local resident is injured, ”the message is in the message.
According to preliminary data, Russian troops attacked the settlement of managed abyabombs.
Under the procedural leadership of the Berislav District Prosecutor's Office, a such investigation into the fact of violation of the laws and customs of war, combined with premeditated murder(Part 2 of Art. 438 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine).
Читайте також: Загарбники обстріляли школу в Олешках, де рятувалисялюди As reported by Ukrinform, during Kherson's shelling , which was Russian today, June 8, during the evacuation of civilians, 9 people were injured, including two employees of the SES, a police officer, a doctor and a volunteer of Znimechy.
Foto: Kherson Regional Prosecutor's Office 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720257-u-berislavskomu-rajoni-vnaslidok-rosijskogo-obstrilu-zaginula-zinka.html 
Czech Mukhov became the first finalist "Rolan Harros" -2023 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T20:29:58+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T20:29:58+03:00
Description: The second Grand Slam of the French Tennis Championships ended in the Grand Slam tournament in the season of the Grand Slam. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Теніс']
Type: Article
 In the second season, the Grand Slam tournament Open France from the tennis wrapped in the first match of the 1/2 finals.
The first participant of the decisive duel was Czech Carolina Mukhova, reports Ukrinform.
In the semifinals of Mukhov in almost 3.5 hours, Belarusian Arina Sobolenko -7: 6: 6(7:5), 6:7(5:7), 7: 5.
Read also: Kato and Puc won "Rolan Harros" in the mixture The title of Rolan Harros is playing Mukhov on June 10 with the winner of the match of Polka Igishvyontek with Brazilian Beatrice Haddad Maya.
Photo: Getty Images.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720259-ceska-muhova-stala-persou-finalistkou-rolan-garros2023.html 
Filatov gave the rescuers his own yacht 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T20:30:18+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T20:30:18+03:00
Description: The mayor of the Dnieper presented his yacht to the SES fighters, which will be sent to Kherson. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Дніпро', 'ДСНС', 'Філатов', 'Херсон', 'Подарунки', 'Яхта']
Type: Article
 The Dnieper City Head of the SES fighters gave its yacht, which will be sent to Kherson.
Boris Filatov reported this in telegram , reports Ukrinform.https: //t.me/borys_filatovv/1042
"From our family we prepare a gift for DSNS . The boys say he will go to Kherson. Farewell, cat, now you will have a new life by rescuers, "he wrote.
As it was reported, on June 6 Russian Russian occupation troops of the underground hydroelectric power station , as a result of the terrorist attack, about 80 settlements were partially flooded.
Read also: over 3,3 thousand remain flooded due to blast by the Russians Kakhovskaya * HEES Dnipropetrovsk, like other regions, sent to Kherson rescuers to eliminate the consequences of the exploration of the Russians of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station and evacuation.
Foto: Boris Filatov, telegram 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720260-filatov-podaruvav-ratuvalnikam-vlasnu-ahtu.html 
Franko Theater Artists held five concerts in the eastern regions 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T20:30:26+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T20:30:26+03:00
Description: Actors of the National Academic Theater. Ivan Franko visited Dnipro, Kramatorsk and Druzhkivka with a mobile concert program. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Дніпро', 'Краматорськ', 'Театр', 'Артисти']
Type: Article
 Actorinational Academic Theater. Ivan Franko visited Dnipro, Kramatorsk and Druzhkivka with a mobile concert program.
This was reported by the press service of the Ministry of Culture and Information Policy in telegram , reports Ukrinform.
"The concert brigade composed of People's Artist Anatoly Hnatyuk, Honored Gallower Alexei Palamarenko and the artist with the call sign" Franco "held 5 concerts," the message reads.
In particular, in Dnipro The artists gave two concerts to support forced displaced persons and volunteers. And the performances of the artists and the military were seen by the Uzramatorsk and Druzhkivtsi.
Read also: artists Theater Zankovetska performed before the fighters of the event of Ukraine The Franks are already planning the next trips.
As reported by Ukrinform, in Donetsk region started artistic project "Cultural Front" for emotional support of residents of the region. The first events took place in the villages of the Tanovoselivka Liman Community with the participation of artists of the National Academic Drama Theater. Ivan Franko.
_ Photo: Wikipedia _
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3720261-artisti-teatru-imeni-franka-proveli-pat-koncertiv-u-shidnih-oblastah.html 
NERCEP has simplified access to biomethane manufacturers to gas infrastructure 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T20:38:40+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T20:38:40+03:00
Description: The National Commission for State Regulation in the Fields of Energy and Utilities has improved the conditions of access of biomethane producers to gas infrastructure. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16655... ']
Tags: ['НКРЕКП', 'Біометан']
Type: Article
 The National Commission for State Regulation in the Fields of Energy of such Services has improved the conditions of access of biomethane producers of gas infrastructure.
Relevant decree The regulator accepted the reference of changes to some resolutions of the NERCEP to promote the development of production vabometan during the meeting on June 8, Ukrinform reports.
"The development of production and export of biomethane is strategic for Ukraine, as it will help attract investments in the agricultural sector, create workplaces, increase tax revenues to local budgets, as well as increase export foreign exchange earnings,"(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-nkrekp)Konstantin Ushchapovsky.
The document amends the Code of Gas Transport System and the Code of Supplies in terms of improving the conditions of access to producers of biomethane to gas infrastructure and leveling of technical restriction to the gas distribution system.
This will contribute to the development of biomethane production in Ukraine and the achievements of climate neutrality, the implementation of the second nationally defined Ukraine's contribution within the Paris Climate Agreement, which corresponds to the strategy reform of the energy sector in EU member states and Ukraine.
Read also: GTS operator is looking for new gas transportation opportunities According to the Bioenergy Association of Ukraine, this year in Ukraine the five biomethane plants will be worked, the potential production volumes of which will set about 70 million cubic meters. for a year.
As it was reported, the regional gas company has connected to its networks the first in Ukraine production plant for biomethane, which will produce about 3 million gas meters for about 1500 customers - the population and industry.
Foto: depositphotos.com 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720263-nkrekp-sprostila-dostup-virobnikiv-biometanu-do-gazovoi-infrastrukturi.html 
Transcarpathia sent the first column of humanitarian aid to Kherson 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T20:48:08+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T20:48:08+03:00
Description: From Transcarpathia to Kherson, the first column of humanitarian trucks went to the victims of flooding as a result of the blasting of the Kakhovska hydroelectric power plants. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Гуманітарна допомога', 'Херсон', 'Закарпаття', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 The first column of trucks with a humanitarian aid of the victims of flooding as a result of blasting by the Russians of Kakhovskaya Hins went to Kherson.
This was reported in Facebook Transcarpathian Ova, Ukrinform correspondent reports.
"The first column of eight trucks with humanitarian aid from Transcarpathia has arranged to Kherson region. To the area of elimination of the consequences(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-terakt)Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants are carried food, clothing, drinking water, hygiene products, fuel and other necessary things, "- said in the message.
Photo: Victormitite
The head of the Transcarpathian Ova Victor Nikita reported that the regional military administration has submitted to Hungary for offsetting things to eliminate the consequences of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station.
Photo: Victormitite
"Suggested to Hungarian partners to join this rescue mission and support those who are now in trouble. We need a large number of engineering engineering, craft, overalls, a chance tool and much more. he said.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720252-bukovina-vze-vidpravila-10-tonn-dopomogi-meskancam-hersonsini.html)In turn, the chairman of the Transcarpathian Regional Council Volodymyr Chubirko called All foreign regions-partner regions were joined in the collection of necessary things and equipment, which will subsequently be transferred to Kherson region.
As it was reported, on June 6 the Russians blew up the Kakhovsk hydroelectric power station , as a result, more than 600 square kilometers are flooded in Kherson region, and evacuation of citizens is ongoing in the region.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720265-zakarpatta-vidpravilo-do-hersona-persu-kolonu-gumanitarnoi-dopomogi.html 
In the USA developed innovative fuel from milk 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T20:51:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T20:51:00+03:00
Description: In the US, they invented a new environmentally friendly biofuel, it is made of cow's milk. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15158... ']
Tags: ['Бензин', 'Наука', 'США', 'Технології', 'Молоко']
Type: Article
 In Shavinaya, a new eco -friendly biofuel was made, it is made from a cow's milk.
About it reports Automotive News , reports Ukrinform.
The biofuel was developed by the owners of dairy farms from Michigan. Its milk permeate is made - a by -product of milk filtration.
Permeate contains lactose as well as vitamins and minerals. It can be processed in low carbon ethyl alcohol.
It is this bioethanol that can be used as fuel for gasoline internal combustion engines. He will come for both cars and trucks, and the exhaust from such a good contains very little harmful substances.
Read also: in US US developed first work , What " breathes , sweat and tremble ** » American farmers have signed an agreement with the Canadian Dairy Distillyry Distillyry construction of a large milk permeate processing plant in bioethanol. The enterprise will be able to produce 8.3 million liters of fuel per year.
As reported by Ukrinform, climate and energy ministers G7 pledged to accelerate The gradual abandonment of fossil fuel to achieve zero carbon dioxide no later than 2050.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3720270-u-ssa-rozrobili-innovacijne-palne-z-moloka.html 
The decision to undermine Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station was given personally by Putin - intelligence 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T20:55:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T20:55:00+03:00
Description: The decision to undermine the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station was personally given by the President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16856... ']
Tags: ['Путін', 'Розвідка', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 The decision under the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station was personally given by the President of the Russian Federation Putin.
The representative of the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine Yusov reported in interview with "Ukrainian Truth" , reports Ukrinform.
"Criminal proceedings are now initiated, the investigation is underway, and all the data are transmitted within the framework of this investigation. Yes, it was an explosive. Yes, it is a non -internal explosion and a managed detonation. This is the information we can now display," he said.
Read also: NATO-Ukraine commission held a meeting on Kakhovskaya HPP-agreed on prompt assistance Yusov expressed the opinion that the decision to undermine hydroelectric power plants and the final order was made by the president of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin, since "this terract by scale can be compared with a decision on a full -scale invasion of Ukraine."
The GUR representative stressed that no other person in Russia has taken such responsibility.
Yusov also noted that the performers who were stationed on the territory of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station and dams are known. However, he added that other special units could be involved at the stage. "I am convinced that an act of insurance group(In case of personnel military refused to wander this task)", - added a representative of GUR.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720191-zahidni-vijskovi-ne-sumnivautsa-so-kahovska-ges-bula-pidirvana-rosieu-polskij-general.html)As reported by Ukrinform, Russian troops made under June 6, the Podvikakhov Hydroelectric Power Plant . In this regard, there are risks to underwent energy in the Kherson region, in particular the Kherson TEPs. The evacuation of the population from potential flood areas is covered.
Photo: Era
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720269-risenna-pro-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-viddavav-osobisto-putin-rozvidka.html 
Molchanov made his way to the semi -final of the paired discharge at the ATP tournament in Germany 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T20:59:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T20:59:00+03:00
Description: Kazakh -Ukrainian duo Andriy Golubev - Denis Molchanov reached the 1/2 finals of the Tournament of the Association of Tennisists of Professionals (ATR) of the Challenger series in the German Gylbronnaya with a prize fund € 145 thousand - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Теніс']
Type: Article
 Kazakh -Ukrainian duo Andriy Golubev - Denis Molchanov reached 1/2finals of the Tournament of the Association of Tennisists(ATP)The Challenger series UNItsk Gylbrony with a prize fund € 145 thousand.
In the quarterfinals of the competition sown under the 4th number Golubev and Molchanov in 1 hour40 minutes won over the French-Mexican tandem Jonatansarik-Miguel Angro register-Warla-4, 7: 6: 6(7:4), reports Ukrinform.
The next match Golubev and Molchanov will be held against the winners of the match of German Konstantin Franzen and Hendric Ebens with Boris Arias Tafederico Sebalhos.
Read also: (https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719609-ukrainka-cvitolina-zigrae-na-turniri-u-vasingtoni.html)The Gylbroni Tournament will end on June 11.
Photo: Wroclaw Challenger.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720271-molcanov-probivsa-do-pivfinalu-parnogo-rozradu-na-turniri-atp-u-nimeccini.html 
Britain will hold the first summit on the safety of artificial intelligence 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T21:04:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:04:00+03:00
Description: In the United Kingdom this year will be the first summit on the safety of artificial intelligence. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Британія', 'Саміт', 'Штучний інтелект', 'Безпека']
Type: Article
 The first safety of artificial intelligence will take place in Great Britain this year.
About it reports Reuters , reports Ukrinform.
The British Government stated that the summit will consider the risks related to AI, including advanced systems with the use of this technology , as well as ways to reduce them with the assistance of coordinated at the international level of actions.
The date of the summit is currently unknown.
It is planned that the American technology company Palantir Technologies will be about plans to make the United Kingdom with its European headquarters of the development of AI.
Read also: Topsmengers and experts signed a letter about the risk of humanity from artificial intellect TU As it has been reported, regulators around the world are trying to develop rules to adjust the use of generative artificial intelligence that can be text and images.
Earlier, the Australian Government has stated that it was planning to regulate artificial intelligence, including a state prohibition of deep fakes and realistic, but false content, because of anxiety about possible abuse of this technology.
_ Photo: Getty Images _
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3720273-britania-provede-persij-samit-z-bezpecnosti-stucnogo-intelektu.html 
An art exhibition "Entrance for Crazy" was opened in Kiev 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T21:06:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:06:00+03:00
Description: In the Gallery of Contemporary Art "Triptych Art" presented an exhibition of artistic works of the editor -in -chief of the photovidoinformation of Ukrinform Alexander Lyapin. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ', ' 1686247154-86... ', ' 1686247127-98... ', ' 1686247175-98... ', ' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Укрінформ', 'Виставка', 'Мистецтво', 'Київ', 'Олександр Ляпін']
Type: Article
The Ugleries of Contemporary Art "Triptych Art" presented an exhibition of art works by the editor of the photovidoinformation of Ukrinform Alexander Lyapin.
The agency correspondent reports.
"Title in the direction I work in, a lot: both naive art and art -bruit, isingular art are all about me ... I do not put any special philosophy in the picture. What I have in my head - feeling, feeling But the condition is in the canvas. At this time, the paintings are very quickly drawn: day - and work is ready, " - said Lyapin.
The exhibition "Entrance for Crazy" contains five canvases of the artist of the greater meter and wide, written by the artist during 2023.
Tatiana Savchenko's director of the Triptych Art Gallery noted that people who have no professional art education but have talent are healing genetics.
"Life experience and impeccable artistic taste allow them to work as well as the art of art. Because their view, not shaken by the framework of academicism, allows them to be absolutely free," she emphasized.
Read also: In Kiev there was an exhibition of works of young artists "Barvipers" The exhibition will last until June 28.
Alexander Lyapin is a Ukrainian artist, curator, art critic, critic, photographer. He received his education at the Faculty of History of the Kiev Pedagogical Institute. He wrote the dissertation at the Ukrainian Research Institute and Pedagogy. He worked at the Museum of History of Kiev and published an article in the capital. In the 1990s, as an art expert, he participated in the Kiev Photo Group "Look", which was taken care of by documentary photography. He was the curator of the Ukrpressfoto competition, worked as the editor -in -chief of the newspaper "Evening News" for 10 years, and also headed the Phl Photolent Photo Agency. He became the founder of the All -Ukrainian Photography of the Year. Member of the National Union of Photo Artists of Ukraine. From 2009 he also realizes himself in painting, sculpture and collages.
 
Currently, he is the editor -in -chief of the editorial board of a photovodoformation information agency Ukrinform .
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3720274-u-kievi-vidkrilasa-hudozna-vistavka-vhid-tilki-dla-bozevilnih.html 
In the UN responded to the criticism of Zelensky - the organization is not engaged in physical rescue of people 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T21:07:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:07:00+03:00
Description: The UN Secretary General Switch Stefan Duzharrik confirmed that the organization is not engaged in physical rescue of people, but is present in Ukraine "from the beginning of the conflict" and provides humanitarian assistance to the victims. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16438... ']
Tags: ['ООН', 'Зеленський', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 The UN General General Stefan Duzharrik confirmed that the organization is not engaged in physical rescue, but is present in Ukraine "from the beginning of the conflict" and provides humanitarian assistance to the victims.
According to Ukrinform correspondent in New York, he told reporters to the journalists, commenting on critical remarks of the President of Ukraine of Zelensky's President of Ukraine on insufficient involvement of the UN and the Red Cross International Committee to overcome the consequences of the Kakhovsky Dam.
“As far as I know, we do not participate in physical rescue, since you do not have such opportunities and equipment that allow you to do it with a large scale. Judging by what I have seen, they are engaged in the pre -military, police and other emergency services, ”he said.
Read also: Khohovskaya hydroelectric power plants. All news At the same time, he said, the UN provides various humanitarian assistance to the victims.
The organization is involved in "providing assistance to people in moving to more safe areas, accessing clean water and food and receiving money assistance to meet their urgent needs," he said.
The World Food Program, together with national partners from NGO "Platka", has already delivered ready -made food to eat 18,000 people affected by floods that were evacuated to other parts of the Kherson Tamikolaev regions, Duzharik said. Also the UN Children's Fund(UNICEF)He organized the delivery of water by vehicles, sending more than 100,000 bottles of drinking water, as well as pills for purification and canisters in the affected inhabitants, he added.
Read also: Western soldiers have no doubt that Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station was undermined by Russia - Polish General UNICEF cooperates with the government and partners for the development of short -term powerful solutions to repair the water supply infrastructure, "which is crucial to prevent the spread of diseases, which are transmitted through water", Duzharik said.
According to him, thousands of people also receive hygienic kits. Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: UN UN They say that Ukraine helps to overcome the consequences from the first day Partners throughout Ukraine offer medical and psychosocial support to people in widespread and evacuated, who arrive in Nikolaev, Odessa and other cities, saying that 3,500 people have already received financial assistance from UNICEF.
"From the first minute, as soon as it happened, we are focused on the renowned humanitarian partners together to deliver as much humanitarian aid as possible to those who need it," Duzharik said.
At the same time, the UN is "extremely concerned about the difficult situation of civilians, which have fallen in areas under the control of the Russian military," he emphasized.
As reported by Ukrinform, the President of Ukraine in an interview with the German edition of Bild critically spoke about response from the UN and ICCC on a humanitarian catastrophe caused by the blast of the Dams of Kakhovskaya HEES by Russian troops.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720276-v-oon-vidpovili-na-kritiku-zelenskogo-organizacia-ne-zajmaetsa-fizicnim-poratunkom-ludej.html 
2 339 people have been evacuated from the flood zone in Kherson region 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T21:13:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:13:00+03:00
Description: In the Kherson region, the evening on June 8, 2 339 people were already evacuated from the flood zone, 120 of them. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Евакуація', 'Херсонщина', 'МВС']
Type: Article
 The Ucherson region state evening on June 8, from the flood zone managed to evacuate already 2 339 people, 120 of them - children.
The State Emergency Service reported this in telegram , reports Ukrinform.
According to the SES, 563 people, including 28 children, are saved. 201 is provided with psychological assistance. The work of nine evacuation points is deployed.
From the beginning of work to the rescue service from citizens, 856 appeals have been received.
According to preliminary data, 32 settlements and 3625 homes to the right bank of the Dnieper River were flooded.
About 1 817 people and more than 345 units are involved in the elimination of the consequences, 809 rescuers and 171 units of equipment, as well as 45 plaques.
Earlier, the press service of the Ministry of Internal Affairs reported in telegram About 2334 evacuees.
Thus, 1 765 people were evacuated from the ship "Ship", 210 from the Dniprovsky district of Kherson - 27, from the Suvorov District Herson - 10, from Chernobayivka - 3, from Kalininsky - 27, from Bobrovy Corner –4, from Krasnovtsi - 14, from the testament - 5, from Tyaginka - 41 from Burguna - 10, from Mykilsky - 10, from Cossack - 4, from Sadovy - 75, from Poniativka - 4, from Lviv - 3, from Belozerka - 19, from Ingulets - 89 , from Yasna Polyana - 4, Zartyevka - 5, from Tokarivka - 2.
Read also: [in Mykolaiv region Evak 467 inhabitants(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720168-na-mikolaivsini-evakuuvali-467-ziteliv-pidtoplenih-sil.html)The Ministry of Internal Affairs emphasized that the evacuation is ongoing.
As reported by Ukrinform, Russian troops made under June 6, the Podvikakhov Hydroelectric Power Plant . In this regard, there are risks to underwent energy in the Kherson region, in particular the Kherson TEPs. The evacuation of the population from potential flood areas is covered.
Photo: SES
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720214-iz-zoni-pidtoplenna-na-hersonsini-evakuuvali-vze-2-334-ludini.html 
Since the beginning of the war, Russia has made more than ten attempts attempted on Budanov - GUR 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T21:19:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:19:00+03:00
Description: From the beginning of a full -scale invasion, Russia has tried more than ten times to attempt the head of the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense Kirill Budanov. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16530... ']
Tags: ['Розвідка', 'Замах', 'Буданов', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Initially, the full -scale invasion of Russia more than ten times to attempt to attempt on the head of the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense Ministry.
This was announced by GUR IMU Andriy Yusov in interview "Ukrainian Truth", reports Ukrinform.
"There were more than ten attempts," he said, asking how many times during the war the Russians tried to attempt the assaults on Budanov.
According to Yusov, the head of GUR has repeatedly participated in combat.
"He shows on his own example to fighters, as well as commanders of example, planning and realization of tasks. I think that the Main Directorate Intelligence It only wins. Books The commander is directly "on the ground", knows and sees that he is giving up, this allows you to make more responsible and necessary decisions, " - said GUR representative.
Read also: in GUR, they told how the Group Budanov And in 2016 she made a special FSB special unit in Crimea As it was reported, fighters of the special unit of the Main Directorate of Intelligence Kraken told journalists To personally participate in the storming and liberation of the village of Russian Lozova Nakarkiv region personally.
Foto: gur.gov.ua 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720279-z-pocatku-vijni-rosia-vcinila-ponad-desat-sprob-zamahu-na-budanova-gur.html 
Exmer Chernihiv received a work record with a dismissal 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T21:22:09+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:22:09+03:00
Description: The former mayor of Chernihiv Vladislav Atroshenko received a work record today with a record of dismissal from office to execute a court decision. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_14539... ']
Tags: ['Мер', 'Суд', 'Чернігів']
Type: Article
 Former Chernihiv, Vladislav Atroshenko, received a work record today with a recording of his dismissal from office to execute a court decision.
About it in Facebook Atroshenko himself reported, adding a photo of the document to the post, Ukrinform reports.
"I received a work record with a record of my release after the corresponding decision of the court," Atroshenko wrote.
Opto with FB Atroshenko 
Read also: people who survived Chernihiv As it was reported, on December 7, 2022, the Yavoriv district court of the Lviv region deprived a year the mayor of Chernihiv Vladislav Atroshenko to correct the position of mayor . Мер заявив, що подаватиме апеляцію на це рішення.
Згодом Львівський апеляційний суд частково задовольнив оскарження ухвалиЯворівського районного суду у справі міського голови Чернігова ВладиславаАтрошенка, зокрема скасував штраф в розмірі 3400 грн, але відсторонення на ріквід посади залишив чинним.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720280-eksmer-cernigova-otrimav-trudovu-iz-zapisom-pro-zvilnenna-z-posadi.html 
The Ukrainian Football team arrived in Bremen for a match with Germany 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T21:26:26+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:26:26+03:00
Description: The football players of the national team of Ukraine are already in Germany. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Футбол', 'Німеччина', 'Ребров', 'Збірна України']
Type: Article
 The football playing national team of Ukraine is already in Germany.
As informs Oleksandr Glivinsky, the Preskretic of National Crossing Ukraine, left the Blue and Yellows from Kiev Holma, then reached the airport in Warsaw by bus, and the Nazvvvvitsa flew to Germany, Ukrinform reports.
In Bremen, Ukraine will hold a friendly match with Germany. The match will be held by the Veseerstadion Mountain on June 12. Starting at 19.00 Kyiv time.
Read also: Sergey Rebrov Officially headed the national team of football For the German national team, the match with Ukraine will become an anniversary, 1000th in history. The reception obtained from the match will go to the Foundation for the German Futball Union, which helps people affected by Russian vessel aggression.
Read also: Famous translators of the controlling match of Ukraine of the anti -Ninchchyna A friendly match against the Bundestim will be a debut for Sergiy Rebrov head of the National Team of Ukraine. After the match with Germany, Blue-yellow will hold two selection meetings to the European Championships 20124-with Northern Maxedonia(June 16)and Malta(June 19th).
Фото: uaf.ua.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720282-zbirna-ukraini-z-futbolu-pribula-do-bremena-na-matc-iz-nimeccinou.html 
Agricultural Agricultural Damage from Kakhovsk Hydroe Power Management can reach $ 1.5 billion 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T21:28:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:28:00+03:00
Description: As a result of the exploration of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, the agricultural sector of Ukraine can be damaged for one and a half billion dollars. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16860... ']
Tags: ['Мінагро', 'Сільське господарство', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Збитки', 'Єдині новини', 'Затоплення']
Type: Article
 As a result of the Russian troops of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, the agricultural sector of Ukraine could be damaged for one and a half billion dollars.
The First Deputy Minister of Agrarian Policy and Food Tarasvisotsky announced this on the air of the Teleterna "Unified News", Ukrinform reports.
"Talking about the loss of Kakhovka hydroelectric power plants, there are two directions. The first thing is really, where there is flooding and the direct losses have already been received," he said.
In this context, Vysotsky informed that 10 thousand hectares of agricultural lands were flooded on the Right Bank. At the same time, according to him, according to modeling and satellite images, damages of thousands of hectares of land.
"The second block, which is also very important, concerns that water was actually supplied from the Kakhovsky driver to provide irrigation about 600,000 hectares of land," he added.
Read also: [Ukraine may lose several million tons(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720061-ukraina-moze-vtratiti-dekilka-miljoniv-tonn-vrozau-cerez-pidriv-rosianami-kahovskoi-ges.html)Vysotsky explained that there is no direct damage from flooding on these lands, alabez of water supply will not be possible to grow full products.
“If we estimate how much it was grown on these lands, it is about 4 million tons of agricultural products. These volumes will be impossible, inaccessible to cultivation, ”the First Deputy Minister said.
He noted that these lands were grown up to one and a half -carp.
Vysotsky added that significant losses will be in the fishery industry: "It is previously evaluated that the losses of aquaculture, fish industry are over 10 billion UAH." It is a direct loss in connection with the sea of fish, the destruction of sribrobory plants.
According to the official, it is impossible to quickly restore the losses, in the following years, the everyday fishing of fish in the volumes that were before Kakhovskaya's blast HPP .
The First Deputy Minister assured that all the losses are recorded and in the future "will definitely take action to be compensated."
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719085-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-pid-zagrozou-znisenna-posivi-u-troh-regionah.html)
On the fact of undermining the occupiers of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, law enforcement officers began investigating under the article on ecocide.
Ukrhydroenergo stated that the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station is completely destroyed and recoverable.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720284-zbitki-agrosektora-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-mozut-sagnuti-15-milarda.html 
Pomfir tape hit the best films list of 2023 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T21:36:22+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:36:22+03:00
Description: The film by Ukrainian director Dmitry Sukholytsky-Sobchuk "Pamfir" has been included in the list of the best cinema works this year according to The Guardian. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15943... ']
Tags: ['Кіно', 'Держкіно', 'фільм']
Type: Article
 The film director Dmitry Sukholytsky-Somphchuk "Pomfir" has been included in the list of the most popular movie works this year according to The Guardian.
According to Ukrinform, the corresponding list of movies was published on site edition .
A total of 37 films were made to the released list The Guardian. The list includes, for example, Stevene's work of Fabelmans and Martin Burbulona "Titimushketeers: D'Artagnan".
Read also: in the Israeli city of Haifa will show the movie " pampir " To each of the selected ribbons, the compilers of the list added a brief description of the plot of the tavlas assessment of the work. The Ukrainian film "Pomfir" was also evaluated by the publication.
"It(The plot of the movie "Pomfir" - ed.)It does not hint at Russia's war against Ukraine, but perhaps this conflict is subtext, in the sense of devotion of the kind, tradition of the milestone and a clear, almost occult attraction to the event, ”the description said.
The plot of the film Sukholytsky-Sobchuk was described as "a rigid story of a Ukrainian smuggler attempt to return to family life after a dubious trip abroad." The list of the list also added that this picture is "dynamic but desperate."
Read also: " pamphir " will be shown on the Netflix platform As reported, in 2019, Pamfir became one of the winners of the 11-competition selection of Derzhkino and received state financial support. The tape was supported by the Polish Institute of Cinema(PISF), Swiss Foundation for Suds Sud Est, one of the most famous European funds that fund Hubert Bals Fund, French National Center for KinoCnC Aide Aux CíneMas Du Monde, International FoundBorg Film FUND, FILEBORG FUNDE.
Pomfir also became one of the winners of the 47th International Film Festival of Vrilland.
The premiere show of the Sukholytsky-Sobchuk movie took place in Kyiv on March 22 this year, and since June 22, the film will be available for viewing on the platforminetflix.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3720286-stricka-pamfir-potrapila-do-spisku-najkrasih-filmiv-2023-roku.html 
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant: Zelensky turned to the world ecological community 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T21:39:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:39:00+03:00
Description: It is necessary to consolidate the world in order for Russia to be responsible for ecocide and Ukraine is not left alone with the tragedy. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Екологія', 'Зеленський', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 It is necessary to consolidate the world in order for Russia to be responsible for ecocide, and Ukraine is not alone with the tragedy.
Volodymyr Zelenskyy said this in appeal To the representatives of the world ecological community, reports Ukrinform.
Video: Presidential Office 
Good day! 
Congratulations to all of you! 
All who did not remain indifferent to see this man -made disaster of the Nakakhovsky hydroelectric power station.
It is not a natural disaster or a manifestation of a climatic crisis, it is a disaster. What he will make. What he personally orders to do.
The situation is extremely difficult. Russian troops do not stop artillery for the territory where the evacuation of people is carried out.
Unfortunately, there are wounded from these terrorist shelling. People who rescue from Russian ecocide are forced to escape from the Russian fire!Just at evacuation points ... This Russian ecocid crime is the greatest decade in Europe, but, apparently, Russian invaders decide to worsen its consequences. In the occupied part of the territory, about a dozen settlements have been deapated, novacuation is not carried out. People on the second day on the roofs, in a water trap, without drinking water, food of Twedic help. We do not know how many dead and victims are killed.
Just an hour is installed every hour - and we are installing - more and more details of what damage Russia has caused this disaster. In more than 30 inhabited pens of life is broken. For hundreds of thousands of people in many cities and villages, access to drinking water is much prepared.
Due to the destruction of the dam, flooded fuel storage facilities, warehouses with chemicals, warehouses, the burial grounds of animals, of which are at least two "anthrax burials", and Iobidv - in the temporarily occupied territory. What is with them now, we are unknown. There, where there was no centralized sewage, sewage runoff is already in water, which is covered by everything ...
The number of ecosystems that are destroyed or put on the border of the extinction of this terrorist attack is already calculated by thousands. More than 50,000 hectares have been brought down, and at least half of them will die. Tens of thousands of birds are at least twenty thousand wild animals under the threat of death. Obviously, the Kkakhov reservoir has been transformed into a large grave for millions of living things.First. Of course, we will continue to do our best to save as much people. And we need support for the world. And not only to the rhetoric, but also actions. In the territories of the territory, international organizations were assisted. I thank. In the occupied territory - zero support. And every longer it lasts, moreover, unfortunately, there will be casualties.
There are no attention to international organizations to the occupied territory, which is flooded. And you need, in particular, your pressure on them - I ask!
Second. All this we encountered is a conscious crime of the occupier. Multiple about what happened. But it happened in the occupied territory. But we have warned the mining of the dams and other buildings. But Russian troops are now firing areas where evacuation is ongoing. It is obvious that it is Russia who is interested in a catastrophe.
Just as we have created special expert groups that are engaged in promoting sanctions and security guarantees for Ukraine, we also create an expert group, which will be primarily to engage in the consolidation of the world, so that the ecocide is full of Russian and that our country does not remain alone with this. I am sure that with sufficient leadership in the world, you can create.
Third. Any terrorist expects only a few forms of result for themselves: it is the suffering of people, it is intimidation of people and these are the ruins left after the sebeter. This is how Russia works in this.
Of course, we will do everything to guarantee people the basis for life even after this disaster. But it is necessary that no desert, or ruins, a mint area after this disaster. And this can be provided only by joint ventures, along with the eco -protection community of the world, along with Policy Makers, single -bearing leaders and states, together with international organizations.
Pollution and poison from the flood zone quickly enters groundwater, poisons rivers, and from there enters the Black Sea basin. That is, the nature of nature "somewhere" is not very interconnected in the world.
And so please spread the truth about this Russian ecocide. Please call the leaders, states and international organizations to act. It is no coincidence that we have a formula of peace, one of the key points is the anti -speaking. Please let's make it so that other ecocides are not more. Join our community that I said to our platform, to our experts. We are on constant contact.
Thank you for your attention! 
Glory to Ukraine! 
Foto: op 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720287-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-zelenskij-zvernuvsa-do-svitovoi-ekologicnoi-spilnoti.html 
Ore came out in the first place in export by rail in May 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T21:39:53+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:39:53+03:00
Description: In May, in the structure of export transportation, Ukrzaliznytsia was 37%, ahead of grain. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Експорт', 'Укрзалізниця']
Type: Article
 In May, the export transportation of Ukrzaliznytsia was 37%, ahead of the cargo.
As Ukrinform reports, it reports rail.insider According to the results of the meeting of the export office of JSC "Ukrzaliznytsya".
«In the structure of export transportation for May 2023, the first place of Syluda Iron and Manganese. Their volume was 1 million 385 million tonnes(37%). Другемісце обіймають зернові вантажі (1.1 million tonnes, or 30%)and third - ferrous metals(0.5 million tonnes, or 13%)”, - the message says.
At the same time, the reduction of the volume of transported ore in May is recorded - 17% of the april.
Read also: Ukrzaliznytsia will open freight hubs for businesses of Ukraine, the first is planned - in Vinnitsa In January - May 2023, the rail was transported to export 7.253 mln tonnes, which is 6.88 million tonnes, or 49%, less than the same period of 2022.
As reported, according to operational data, in May 2023 "Ukrzaliznytsia" 1.141 million Tzerne was transported for export, which is almost twice less than in April this year, when 2.126 million tonnes were transported.
Foto from the site railinsider.com.ua 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720288-ruda-vijsla-na-perse-misce-v-eksporti-zalizniceu-u-travni.html 
In Ukraine tomorrow will rain in the west and north, in the afternoon up to +29 ° 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T21:42:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:42:00+03:00
Description: On Friday, June 9, in Ukraine, changing cloudiness, in the western, in the afternoon and in the northern regions, short -term rains, thunderstorms (in the Carpathians and in Transcarpathia in the afternoon, heavy rain in the afternoon); in the rest of the territory without precipitation. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16267... ']
Tags: ['Дощ', 'Гроза', 'Погода', 'Прогноз']
Type: Article
 Pyatnytsia, June 9, in Ukraine changing cloudy, in the western, in the afternoon, and short -term rains, thunderstorms in places and intake areas(In the Carpathians and Transcarpathia in the daytime, heavy rain); in the rest of the territory without precipitation.
As reported by Ukrinform at the Ukrainian Hydrometeorological Center, the wind is preferable tomorrow, 5-10 m/s, in the southeastern part in the afternoon, the gusts of 15-20 m/C. temperature at night 12-17 °; during the day 24-29 °, in the west of the country and in the Crimea 21-26 °; Night at night 8-13 °, in the afternoon 13-18 °.
In the capital region on Friday, a variable cloudlessness, no precipitation(In the afternoon of fabric in places short -term rain, thunderstorm). Вітер східний, 5-10 м/с.Температура Києву вночі 15-17°, вдень 27-29°; по області вночі 12-17°, вдень24-29°.
Синоптики прогнозують 10 червня у західних, північних областях, вдень і упівденно-східній частині, 11 червня в Україні короткочасні дощі , thunderstorms, in some areas of hail; The Ucarpathian region is raining in places. Wind East, Northeast, 7-12 m/s, June 10 in the southeastern part, June 11 in Ukraine with places of 15-20 m/s. Temperature at night 12-17 °, in the south of the country up to 20 °; In the afternoon on June 10, 24-29 °, in the western regions and in the Crimea, June 11 in Ukraine 17-22 °(Svetn day 11 June places 21-26 °).
У столиці та на Київщині 10-11 червня хмарно з проясненнями, короткочасні дощі(At night), thunderstorms, in the afternoon in some areas of hail. East wind, northeast, 7-12 m/s, June 11 gusts 15-20 m/s. Temperature in Kiev: at night 14-16 °; In the afternoon of June 10, 26-28 °, June 11, 19-21 °. In the region: at night 12-17 °; In the afternoon of June 10, 24-29 °, June 11, 17-22 °.
According to the Ukrhydromet Center, on June 12 in the western, southeastern, places of the copies, in the afternoon and in the central regions, short-term rains, thunderstorms; on the restriction without precipitation.
Read also: in Kiev May turned out to be the driest for the entire time June 13 in the western, southwestern and places in the central regions, short-term rains, thunderstorms; in the rest of the territory without precipitation. The temperature at night 8-14 °, in the southern part to 17 °; On June 12, 16-22 °, June 13 in Ukraine, except for the event, 19-25 °.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720040-v-ukraini-zavtra-dositime-na-zahodi-j-pivnoci-vden-do-29.html 
Police intensified patrols near the Kiev Hydroelectric Power 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T21:45:10+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:45:10+03:00
Description: Police intensified patrols in the Kiev hydroelectric power station. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16636... ']
Tags: ['Поліція', 'Київська ГЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The police have set up patrols in the Kiev hydroelectric power station.
According to Ukrinform, the spokeswoman of the police of the Kyiv region Irinanapryannikov reported on Facebook .
За її словами, у разі ускладнення ситуації для оперативного реагування врегіоні діють цілодобові наряди.
Читайте також: Ситуація на північному напрямку повністю контрольованаСилами оборони – Наєв "It is clear about the powerful protection of the dam, however, in the case of extraordinary emergency, the police will be involved in the evacuation and comprehensive promotion of security forces," Pryanzhnikov added.
As it was reported, on the night of June 6, Russian troops were blown up by the Dumbleuka Hydroelectric Power Plant thus causing large -scale toature. On the same day, the Russians began to threaten the Kiev hydroelectric power station. Recognizable threats were heard on the state channels of the Russian Federation and the Publite.
The Commander of the Joint Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Lieutenant General Sergey Naeuvasabaiaba that the Kiev hydroelectric power station was covered with blows from the air and from the sabotage and intelligence forces of the enemy.
Photo: Ukrhydroenergo
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720290-policia-posilila-patruluvanna-bila-kiivskoi-ges.html 
NATO decisions on expansion should be in the interests of the Allies and Ukraine - Stephanyshyn 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T21:52:17+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:52:17+03:00
Description: The decision of the NATO Summit in Vilnius to expand the Alliance and the future membership of Ukraine should be approved solely in the interests of all allies and Ukraine, without fear before the response of Russia. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16819... ']
Tags: ['Литва', 'НАТО', 'Стефанішина']
Type: Article
 NATO's decisions in Vilnius to expand the Alliance and future membership of Ukraine are to be approved solely in the interests of all allies and Ukraine, without fear of Russia.
About this today during a virtual participation in a security conference, which was within the framework of the European Council of External Relations(ECFR)In Stockholm, Olga Stephanyshyn, Ukrinform correspondent, said Viceremier-Minister for European and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine.
“Whatever the NATO Summit Decision on Ukraine's membership, it should meet the interests of the Allies and Ukraine. It should not be accepted by the scattering of the fear before Moscow or fear of its reaction to the return of the territories of Ukraine. We do not have to allow Russia to blackmail us, ”the Ukrainian official said.
Read also: [Commission NATO -Ukraine held a meeting of the Kakakhovsky Hydroe(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720225-komisia-natoukraina-provela-zasidanna-sodo-kahovskoi-ges-domovilisa-pro-operativnu-dopomogu.html)She stressed that the decision of the summit in Vilnius will be an important signal for political leadership and for the people of Ukraine, which on the battlefield defends joint values, as well as its European and Euro -Atlantic future. Such solutions should not be limited to political declarations or memoranda, which, according to Stephanyshina, Ukraine has seen a lot over the past. These can be security guarantees, which are supported by specific administrative and military capabilities, specific obligations of the excavation of international organizations.
The Ukrainian viceremier recalled that granting Ukraine the status of a candidate country to entry into the EU has become a powerful incentive for the whole country in mobilization to reform even in war conditions, as well as an important factor in the implementation of an e-European path for other candidate countries, including Moldova and Georgia. The effect for Ukraine will also have a clear Euro -Atlantic perspective. Read also: New European Security Architecture is impossible without integration of Ukraine - Stephanyshina According to her, the Allies have no doubt that Ukraine will be a member of NATO. Ukraine has received enormous military assistance from NATO, it is moving to the full compatibility with the Alliance's troops and has powerful land forces that are most capable not only in Europe but in the world. Therefore, the Usuznikov has every reason to respond positively to the application of Ukraine on membership. At the same time, the "political choreography" of this process must still be worked out.
“My position may seem too radical or energetic. But it is worthwhile to get unique features of Ukrainian politics during a war, which is not always clear to others. Our armed forces and managers at local and central levels - we have become one. At some point, politicians began to think and evaluate the situation as the military. At the same time, our military, they know what we need to do to bring the country closer to the EU and NATO, it is an investment in the future for which they are fighting, ”Ukraine emphasized.
She stressed that during the year of the struggle, Ukrainians proved that Russia could not be in Ukraine by any of the military or political purposes. The war has left the unity of Ukrainian society in the fight against the enemy, as the question of survival and response to existential threats are higher than any political electoral processes or differences.
Read also: Stefanyshyn And counts on the political decision on Ukraine's members of NATO at a summit in Vilnius According to Stephanyshina, Russia has also received the opposite result in trying to understand the unity of the Allies and deny NATO expansion. Instead, it has received strong Euro -Atlantic solidarity and almost two thousand kilometers with the Alliance after Finland's entry and shortly - Sweden.It was reported that on July 11-12 in Vilnius there will be another NATO summit, which will consider the continuation of assistance to Ukraine in the fight against Russian aggression. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed his intention to personally take part in this storage. At the same time, at all levels, the Ukrainian side emphasized that assurances about the fact that "Ukraine will become a member of the Alliance", which were made during the NATO time summit in 2008, is not enough. Instead, the Ukrainian will be about NATO allies to provide safety guarantees of a touching movement for full membership in the Alliance.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720291-risenna-nato-sodo-rozsirenna-maut-vidpovidati-interesam-souznikiv-j-ukraini-stefanisina.html 
Kakhovka water - Vilkul stopped in the reservoir southern 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T21:55:55+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:55:55+03:00
Description: 
У Водосховище Південне Перестала Надходити Каховська Вода, Запасу Води Вистачить На 1,5 Місяці. — Укрінформ.: 
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Кривий Ріг', 'Вода', 'Каховське водосховище']
Type: Article
 Kakhovka water stopped coming to the southern water, the water supply will last for 1.5 months.
About it in telegram Head of the Kryvyi Rih military administration Alexander Vilkul wrote, Ukrinform reports.
"Today, at 03.20 nights, the level in the Kakhovka reservoir has fallen below the wading. And now it is lower than 12.5 meters, at a rate he.
According to him, in the southern reservoir itself, thanks to pre -performed works, there is a stock for 1.5 months, but with economical consumption.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719946-okupanti-znisili-kahovsku-ges-so-cekae-pivden-ukraini.html)In these 1.5 months, the authorities should implement a number of serious projects in order to continue to be with water.
Now in Kryvyi Rih "Kryvbasvodokanal" works almost in full -time mode, quality water It is controlled by specialists.
As reported by Ukrinform, on the night of June 6 the Russian army blown up the Dumbleukhove hydroelectric power station . Even before lunch, almost all of the station was discharged underwater, it is not recoverable.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720292-u-vodoshovise-pivdenne-perestala-nadhoditi-kahovska-voda-vilkul.html 
The Russian army fired at Sumy Region 13 times in a day 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T21:57:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:57:00+03:00
Description: During the day, the Russian army fired at the border of Sumy region during the day, resulting in 79 explosions. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Сумщина', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Russian army fired at the border of Sumy region during the day, as a result, 79 explosions were heard.
According to Ukrinform, the Sumy Regional Military Administration reported in telegram .
Miropil and Belopil communities attacked the invaders from mortars, causing 16 and 13 explosions, respectively.
The Novoslobid community suffered from the enemy of the rocket strike. Three rockets were launched in its territory of the Rivne Helicopter.
Mortometric blows were struck by three more communities. In particular, 37 mines were dropped on the territory of the Kras Prasnopil.
In the middle of the Budsk community, five explosions were heard due to mortar shelling. The hostile fire is damaged by a private house, a Yelektrotrot car.
Read also: the enemy fired at Nikopol region five times, there is a victim The Russian troops attacked mortars and artillery - 16 explosions occurred from mortars and artillery.
As reported by Ukrinform, on June 7, Russian invaders attacked the border with 17 times Sumy region And, causing a total of 153 explosions.
The hostile shelling was suffered by Belopilsk, Yunakovskaya, Miropil, Khotinskaya, Shalyginsk, Seredi-Budsk, Esmanskaya, Znob-Novgorod Jelykopipepar communities.
Foto SNNS 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720296-rosijska-armia-za-den-13-raziv-obstrilala-prikordonna-sumsini.html 
Kherson Ova opened a "hotline" to help the victims 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T21:58:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T21:58:00+03:00
Description: The Kherson Ova launched a "hotline" to assist the victims as a result of flooding after blasting the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plant. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16861... ']
Tags: ['Херсонщина', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Гаряча лінія', 'Війна з Росією', 'Затоплення']
Type: Article
 Khersonova launched a "hotline" to help the victims as a result of flooding after the blasting of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station.
As Ukrinform reports, this was reported telegram channel Kakhovskaya "HPP | Info headquarters.
"Every indifferent citizen can call a" hotline "about assisting the victims of Kherson region - 0 800 101 102", - it is said.
According to the chief of OVA Oleksandr Proudin, now to eliminate all the consequences caused by the blasting of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, the region needs additional resources - both in technology and in live power.
“In order to eliminate the consequences of this catastrophe, we need additional resources, asam - bottled water, things, furniture and clothing for people who are left. Special equipment is also needed now for elimination. These are designers, ATVs, dump trucks, loaders, buses, rescue velette all that can be used to save a person in water », - said Proudin.
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: 600 -square kilometers of territory are flooded in Kherson region He added that Ova now needs people who are ready to work with operators of this "hotline".
As reported by Ukrinform, Russian troops made under June 6, the Podvikakhov Hydroelectric Power Plant . In this regard, there are risks to underwent energy in the Kherson region, in particular the Kherson TEPs. The evacuation of the population from potential flood areas is covered.
Foto: libkos 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720293-hersonska-ova-zapustila-garacu-liniu-dla-dopomogi-postrazdalim.html 
Rolan Harros: Schwontek will protect the title in the 2023 finals 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T22:00:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:00:00+03:00
Description: On the second in the season of the Grand Slam, France's Open Tennis Championships in Paris invented participants of the final confrontation in a female single category.
— Укрінформ.: 
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Теніс']
Type: Article
 In the second season, the Grand Slam series tournament Open France from tennis Uparizi invented participants of the final confrontation in a female single discharge.
The decisive match "Rolan Harros" -2023 will be held with the participation of Czech Carolina Mukhovota of the current owner of the title of polka Iga Schwontek, Ukrinform reports.
Schwontek filled the latest vacancy in the finals, beating Brazilian Beatrishadad Maya - 6: 2, 7: 6: 6(9:7).
Як повідомлялося, Мухова в 1/2 фіналу перемогла білоруску Аріну Соболенко -7:6 (7:5), 6:7(5:7), 7: 5.
Read also: Mukhova Czech became the first finalist "Rolan Garros" -2023 The women's final "Rolan Harros" will take place on June 10.
Photo: Getty Images.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720294-rolan-garros-svontek-zahisatime-titul-u-finali2023.html 
Britain allocates 750 thousand pounds to support nuclear security in Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T22:00:00-04:00
Description: Great British has stolen about the pre -Dadatkov Finnannnya Magate at Rosemir 750,000 pounds ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' iaea.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВЕЛИКА БРИТАНІЯ', 'ДОПОМОГА ПАРТНЕРІВ', 'ЗАПОРІЗЬКА АЕС', 'МАГАТЕ', 'СВІТ ПІДТРИМУЄ УКРАЇНУ']
Category: News
 The United Kingdom has announced an additional IDACE funding of 750 000 fuments sterling( nad 34.5 million UAH _ - Ed.)to support the work of glow safety in Ukraine.
This is stated in message British government.
The United Kingdom has already provided £ 5 million in support of the Maga Commander in Ukraine after Russia's invasion of the country, as well as a year -old budget contribution to the IAEA.
Additional funds will help the IAEA continue its vital work in Ukraine, providing support and advice to the Ukrainian government on nuclear security. Financing of the United Kingdom also contributes to the teaching of radiological materials and expert studies at nuclear power plants.
“Russia's barbaric attacks on Ukraine's civil infrastructure and its illegal control over the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant are contrary to all international nuclear security. She claims that she supports nuclear security standards, but her actions speak of another. I highly appreciate the work of the MAPEVA staff of Ukraine and the Council that additional funding for the United Kingdom will help you to help you see the vital work of the agency, especially given the additional riser associated with the destruction of the Kakhovsky dam, ”the UK's constant representative in the IAEA Citsell said.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/brytaniya-vydilyaye-750-tysyach-funtiv-dlya-pidtrymky-yadernoyi-bezpeky-v-ukrayini/ 
Zelensky: Underwater in the south were the burial grounds of animals, at least two of them - with a anthrax 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T22:01:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:01:00+03:00
Description: Underwater in the south were the burial grounds of animals, at least two of them - with a anthrax. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Зеленський', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Екоцид']
Type: Article
 Under the water of the south were the burial grounds of animals, at least two of them - with anthrax.
President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky stated this during appeal To the world eco -activists, leaderships and international experts, Ukrinform reports.
Video: Presidential Office 
"The man -made catastrophe at the Kakhovsky Hydroelectric Power Plant is not a natural disaster and a display of cclimatic crisis. It is a disaster. What he is doing. What he orders to do," the head of the Ukrainian state said.
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Zelensky addressed the experience of the ecological community He noted that the situation is extremely difficult at the moment, as Russian troops are stopping artillery strikes in the territory where evacuation is carried out. Zelensky said that these terrorist shelling of Eporanne. "This Russian ecocid crime is the largest in Europe, but, apparently, Russian invaders have decided to further aggravate its seeds," the President of Ukraine added.
The Head of State stated that there was no evacuation at the territory occupied by Russia. "The people of the day on the roofs in a water trap without drinking water, without food, without medical care. How many dead and victims are there, we do not know yet," Zelensky said.
He noted that literally every hour more details are established as to what damage of the Russian Federation caused this disaster. "In more than 30 settlements of life. And both are in the temporarily occupied territory. We are unknown to them. Where there was no centralized sewage, sewage drains are already in water, which is covered with everything, "the President of Ukraine said.
Read also: in the reservoir Southern stopped coming Kakhovsk Volkul 
As reported by Ukrinform, on the night of June 6, the Russian army undermined the Greblyukakhov hydroelectric power station . Even before lunch, almost all of the station was discharged underwater, it is not recoverable.
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720295-zelenskij-pid-vodou-na-pivdni-opinilis-mogilniki-tvarin-sonajmense-dva-z-nih-iz-sibirkou.html 
The enemy hit Cherkasy region, eight people wounded - ova 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T22:02:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:02:00+03:00
Description: Russian invaders struck a rocket strike in the Uman district of Cherkasy region, eight people wounded, two of them in serious condition. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Черкащина', 'Обстріл', 'Поранені', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Russian rocket strikes in the Uman district of Cherkasy region, eight people were injured, two of them in serious condition.
About it reports in telegram Chief of Cherkasy Ova Igor Storerets, reports Ukrinform.
“Evening with anxiety and, unfortunately, consequences. The enemy again inflicted rocket strike by our Uman region. We have two arrivals: by industrial facility and car wash. A fire broke out for the second time, ”the head of the Kingblast wrote.
Read also: Air Air Anxiety According to preliminary information, it is known about eight victims, two of whom are in a state.
All the services are currently working at the scene, Tabures added.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720297-rosia-zavdala-udaru-po-umansini-visim-ludej-poraneni-ova.html 
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Zelensky reproached international organizations for zero support 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T22:06:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:06:00+03:00
Description: At present, there is actually no attention to international organizations to the flooded territory of Ukraine in the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Зеленський', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Currently, there is no attention of international organizations to the temporarily occupied territory of Ukraine as a result of the terract of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station.
President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky stated this during an appeal of experience eco -activists, opinions and international experts, reports Ukrinform.
He noted that Ukraine will do everything possible to save the most people as possible, and emphasized the need to support the world in this process "not only rhetoric but also actions."
Read also: Zelensky : The burial grounds were underwater in the south, at least two of them - with anthrax "In the territories of the territory we have started to help. , in particular, your pressure - I ask them!" - said the head of the Ukrainian state.
He stressed that it is necessary to do everything to avoid any desert, ruins or dead zone after this disaster. According to Zelensky, it is possible to provide only joint efforts, together with the eco -protection community, leaders and states, international organizations.
"Pollution and poison from the flood zone quickly enters groundwater, poisons rivers, and from there it enters the Black Sea basin. That is, it is not a" somewhere there " - everything in the world is very interconnected.
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Zelensky addressed the experience of the ecological community And so please spread the truth about this Russian ecocide. Please call the leaders, states and international organizations to act, " - add -on president of Ukraine.
As reported by Ukrinform, on the night of June 6, the Russian army blew up the Dumbleukhov Hydroelectric Power Plant. In Kherson region, rescue work and measures of germinating the population from flooding places continue. The situation is especially dramatic in the temporarily occupied territories, where Russian invaders have stamped the civilian population without any help, while the access of Ukraine's rescue services to these people is extremely complicated or impossible.Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720300-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-zelenskij-doriknuv-miznarodnim-organizaciam-za-nul-pidtrimki.html 
The water level in the Kakhovka reservoir dropped below the "dead point" - Ukrhydroenergo 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T22:15:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:15:00+03:00
Description: The water level in the Kakhovka reservoir reached 12.5, which is below the "dead point". - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15570... ']
Tags: ['Каховська ГЕС', 'Укргідроенерго', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The level in the Kakhovka reservoir reached 12.5, which is below the "dead point".
This was announced by the CEO of Ukrhydroenergo Igor Sirota in the Eviritelaphone "Unified News", Ukrinform reports.
“The level is already 12.5 meters. This is lower than the "dead" point 12.7 meters, when we can no longer do water intake in settlements and for the Zaporizhzhya NPP, " - the orphan.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720284-zbitki-agrosektora-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-mozut-sagnuti-15-milarda.html)According to him, if the current rate of falling of the reservoir is 1 meter a day, then the fall process can last about seven to eight days.
"If the dam at the bottom is destroyed to the very base, the depth of the reservoir is no more than three meters, namely decreasing in width of 3.5 kilometers as a chip to a blast, up to 1 - 1.2 kilometer to the construction of the reservoir itself, " - explained the head of" Ukrhydroenergo ".
At the same time, he informed that one half of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station is already underwater, and the other half is already 70% in water. In particular, in words, the earthen insert between the gateway and the station is also underwater and can be erosion.
Read also: NATO-Ukraine commission held a meeting on Kakhovskaya HPP-agreed on prompt assistance "We are developing a preliminary project for building a jumper that will start how much Kakhovka will be devoted," the orphan said.
He said that it took at least two months to build a jumper, 24/7 will have to be afole.
The CEO of Ukrhydroenergo noted that it would pump all the water, see the consequences of the blast and dismantle the hydroelectric power plant to construct a nest.
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: in Ukrhydroenerg O is they say that the flood is already behind "We will need two months to the top jumper, two months - on the lower cross. We will block, stop this flow of water, so that we begin to slowlycop the Kakhovka reservoir slowly," he emphasized.As reported by Ukrinform, on the night of June 6, the Russian army undermined the Greblyukakhov hydroelectric power station . Rescue work and evacuation measures from flooding places continue in Kherson region. The situation remains in the temporarily occupied territories, de -Russian invaders have left the civilians without any help, while the access of Ukraine's rescue services to these people is extremely complicated.
On the fact of undermining the occupiers of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, law enforcement officers began investigation under the article "Ecocid".
Ukrhydroenergo stated that the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station is completely destroyed and recoverable.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720299-riven-vodi-u-kahovskomu-vodoshovisi-opustivsa-nizce-mertvoi-tocki-ukrgidroenergo.html 
An expert group is created to hold the Russian Federation to the ecocide - Zelensky 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T22:21:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:21:00+03:00
Description: Ukraine creates an expert group for consolidating the world community in order to bring the Russian Federation to the ecocide. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Зеленський', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Війна з Росією', 'Екоцид']
Type: Article
 It Ukrainian has been Ukrainian to consolidate the world community in order to bring the Russian Federation to an ecocid.
Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated this during appeal To the world eco -activists, thought leaders and international experts, Ukrinform reports.
"Just as we have created special expert groups that are engaged in the imposition of sanctions and security guarantees for Ukraine, we create an expert group that will first and foremost consolidate the world, so that the ecocide is full of Russia's responsibility, so that our country does not remain alone with this traggy - with ecocidia" , - said Zelensky .
He expressed confidence that with sufficient leadership in the world, the corresponding tools can be created. The Head of State called on the world community to build up the relevant initiative.
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Zelensky Prescribing to the National Organization for "zero Support" As reported by Ukrinform, on the night of June 6 the Russian army blown up the Dumbleukhove hydroelectric power station . On the fact of undermining the invaders of the Hydroelectric Power Plant, law enforcement officers began investigations under the article "Ecocid".
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720305-stvoruetsa-ekspertna-grupa-dla-pritagnenna-rf-do-vidpovidalnosti-za-ekocid-zelenskij.html 
Biden: I believe that we will have the necessary funding to support Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T22:29:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:29:00+03:00
Description: The US President is convinced that with two -party support in Congress, Ukraine will receive the necessary assistance, including in the long run. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16846... ']
Tags: ['Байден', 'Фінанси', 'Україна', 'допомога', 'Війна з Росією', 'Ріші Сунак']
Type: Article
 The presidential is convinced that with two -party support in Congress, Ukraine receives a new assistance, including in the long run.
He stated this during a joint press conference with Prime Minister Risha Sunak, Ukrinform correspondent reports.
“I believe we will have funding necessary to support Ukraine as much as it will be needed and I believe that this support is(In Congress - Ed.)Budreal, even though today you hear some votes in the Nakapitolian hill about whether we should continue to support Ukraine or how long we have to support them, ”the White House Head said.
In this connection, he suggested that he would have happened if the United States stopped with the Ukrainians.
“Do you think that Russia will stop in Kiev? Do you think that everything is on this? I think no. I think the vast majority of my colleagues and even critics also believe that it will not happen, ”Biden said.
Read also: [ Biden - About Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power: We will help(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719325-bajden-pro-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-mi-dopomozemo-ukraini.html)He stressed that in negotiations with the Ukrainian side, as well as with allies of partners on obligations to Ukraine, the goal is to ensure long -term security to curb the new potential aggression of the Russian Federation after the current war.
"And we are moving to this goal by providing support that Ukraine needs now on the battlefield, as well as help them to strengthen their army in the long run," the US President said.
According to Ukrinform, on Thursday in the White House a meeting of Presidentials Joe Baiden with Prime Minister of Great Britain, Rice Sunak, took place. The questions of support of Ukraine and a joint answer to the aggression of the Russian Federation were one of the main negotiations in Washington.
Foto: op 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720302-bajden-viru-so-mi-matimemo-neobhidne-dla-pidtrimki-ukraini-finansuvanna.html 
UPL. List of 33 best football players of the season-2022/23 according to Wyscout 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T22:31:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:31:00+03:00
Description: The symbolic team of the Ukrainian Football Championship according to the reputable statistical organization index was identified. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Футбол', "Прем'єр-ліга"]
Type: Article
 The symbolic national team of the Ukrainian Football Championship for the Indexaurner Statistical Organization has been identified.
As a result of the season in Ukrainian Premier League(UPL)became known symbolic list 33 of the best football players of the Season 2022/23, compiled according to the Wyscout statistical platform index, reports Ukrinform.
The above rating is based on the statistical algorithms of the corresponding program.
Read also: start of the new football championship UPL Scheduled on July 29 _Pan 33 UPL Players of the season-2022/23 from Wyscout: _
Goalkeepers: 1. Oleg Mozil(Metalist 1925), 2. Eugene Volynets("Ear"), 3. Alexander of the bandura(“Minaj”).
Праві захисники: 1. Денис Мірошниченко (Alexandria), 2. Igor Persuta(Vorskla), 3. Bogdan Butko("Star").
Центральні захисники (right): 1. Valery Bondar("Miner"), 2. Denis Popov(«Dynamo»), 3. Maxim Imerekov("Star").
Центральні захисники (left): 1. Mykola Matvienko("Miner"), 2. Edward Sarasi(«Дніпро-1»), 3. Yaroslav Rakitsky("Miner").
Ліві захисники: 1. Максим Брагару (Chernomorets), 2. Vasily Kravets(Vorskla), 3. Artem Smolyakov(Ingulets).
Праві півзахисники: 1. Олексій Гуцуляк (Dnipro-1), 2. Rostislav Rusin(Metalist 1925), 3. Maxim Zaderaka(“Kryvbas”).
Опорні півзахисники: 1. Володимир Бражко ("Star"), 2. Alexander Sklyar(Vorskla), 3. Valery Kucherov("Heather").
Центральні півзахисники: 1. Єгор Твердохліб (“Minaj”), 2. George Sudakov("Miner"), 3. Alexander Pihalokonok(Dnipro-1).
Атакувальні півзахисники: 1. Віталій Буяльський («Dynamo»), 2. Sergei Bulets("Star"), 3. Talles("Movement").
Ліві півзахисники: 1. Таулян Сефері (Vorskla), 2. Lave Solomon-Otabor("Movement"), 3. Gennady Pasich("Heather").
Центральні нападники: 1. Артем Довбик (Dnipro-1), 2. Nazarii Rusin("Star"), 3. Yuri Klimchuk("Movement").
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720301-upl-spisok-33-najkrasih-futbolstiv-sezonu202223-za-versieu-wyscout.html 
Danilov does not exclude the possibility of individual bilateral agreements with NATO countries 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T22:32:29+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:32:29+03:00
Description: NSDC Secretary Alexei Danilov does not exclude that Ukraine may have individual bilateral agreements with NATO members regarding their presence in our country as representatives of the Alliance or in a different form. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16807... ']
Tags: ['НАТО', 'РНБО', 'Данілов', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Oleksiy Danilov Secretarrnov does not exclude that Ukraine may have individual subtitlation agreements with NATO member countries regarding their presence of the alliance or in a different form.
According to Ukrinform, he stated this in interview Ukrainian radio .
"As for Mr. Rasmussen's statement, we would very much like security guarantees(For Ukraine - ed.)They were not guarantees of the Budapest sample of 1994, but were guarantees effective and binding. When Putin was active in the war in February 2014, and then again in February 2022, he intended that NATO would in no way expand or approach the Russian borders. As a result, we see that today's Finland is almost members of the Alliance. Both one and the other are near the spray, and one at its border. And the fact that we will be members of the Alliance is a question of time. This is our norm of the Constitution, which no one will be cleaned from there. We will be sure to be there because we are worth being in a single family that supports democracy and meets NATO countries, " - said Danivilov.
Read also: Secretary of the NSDC compared Putin with Ben Laden: destroys everything he sees in his way In addition, he commented the statements of foreign minister Dmitry Kulebipro that NATO troops will not enter the territory of Ukraine At least the dosing of this war, and the former NATO Secretary General of Rasmussen that certain certains can still take measures individually.
"Let's wait for more specific actions. I do not exclude such an option that bilateral agreements with certain countries that are members of NATO, alletreb will understand what these agreements should be. All agreements - according to the international law ... So let This will happen, whether there will be Ukraine that will agree. But I emphasize again - only very quality, issued relevant regulatory documents, "the Secretary of the NSDC said. Read also: Danilov After the NSDC meeting: no Russian will not be released by Ukraine, which time has come On July 11-12, another NATO summit will take place in Vilnius, which considers the benefits of assistance to Ukraine in the fight against Russian aggression. Presidential Divine Zelensky expressed his intention to take part in this meeting in person. At all levels, the Ukrainian side stressed that the assurances that "Ukraine will become a member of the Alliance", which were made during the Bucharest NATO, in 2008, is not enough. Instead, Ukraine raises NATO -universities about providing security guarantees and a clear perspective on full membership in the Alliance.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720303-danilov-ne-viklucae-mozlivosti-individualnih-dvostoronnih-ugod-z-krainami-nato.html 
Mariupol is now twice as high mortality than in Covid-19 peak-Andryushchenko 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T22:39:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:39:00+03:00
Description: The temporarily captured Mariupol has a great increase in mortality among the population. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16805... ']
Tags: ['Маріуполь', 'COVID-19', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Extraordinary Mariupol is marked by a great growth of the deadly.
About it in telegram Petro Andryushchenko reported by Advisor of Mariupol, Ukrinform reports.
"Mariupol mortality for" natural reasons "has crossed 400 people a week this week. In physical numbers, this is 2.6 times more than the pecuniary mortality. Then the marks in 150 deaths were almost reached, ”Andryushchenko notes.
Read also: in two settlements near Mariupol I hear explosions – Andryushchenko At the same time, he noted that if 150 deaths were recorded during the pandemic for 500,000 people, there are now 400 deaths for less than 1,100 thousand.
"If the genocide looks different, I do not know - how," Andryushchenko said.
According to Ukrinform, Russia's aggression has caused one of the most familiar humanitarian catastrophes in Mariupol. The city is almost 90% destroyed in the case.
Read also: [Russians demolished in Mariupol and more(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719337-rosiani-znesli-v-mariupoli-vze-ponad-300-budinkiv-miskrada.html)Currently, there are about 100,000 people in the city. Catastrophically lacquers and medicines, hospitals do not have modern equipment. Medicals are crowded with wounded Russian military, and patients are reflected in civilization in hospitalization.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720038-u-mariupoli-zaraz-udvici-visa-smertnist-niz-u-pik-covid19-andrusenko.html 
Cherkasy region shelling: Uman eliminated fires on the site of missile trays 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T22:42:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:42:00+03:00
Description: In Uman of Cherkasy region, fires that arose after rocket attacks by Russian troops were eliminated. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Черкащина', 'Обстріл', 'Пожежа', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Fires that arose after rocket attacks on the side of the Russian troops were eliminated in the Umanicherkassk region.
About it in telegram The Ministry of Internal Affairs reports, Ukrinform reports.
"Uman: Firefighters eliminated fires that arose from rocket strokes," the post reads.
According to law enforcement officers, the premises of the car wash of the industrial facility were destroyed.
Eight people were injured, added to the Ministry of Internal Affairs.
Read also: enemy struck rocket strokes in Kharkiv region Earlier it was reported that Russian invaders struck the rocket stroke In the Uman district of Cherkasy region, eight people were injured, two of them are in serious condition.
Foto: Cherkasy Ova 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720309-obstril-cerkasini-v-umani-likviduvali-pozezi-na-misci-raketnih-vlucan.html 
The "Want to Live" project receives more than three thousand applications from the Russian military - GUR 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T22:46:40+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:46:40+03:00
Description: The only center for receiving appeals from the Russian Federation's military personnel to capture "I want to live" receives more than 3,000 applications from Russian servicemen every month. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16746... ']
Tags: ['Міноборони', 'Розвідка', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Unified Center for Receiving Appeals from the Russian Federation Servicemen on the delivery of Vpolon "I want to live" receives more than 3 thousand applications from Russian military servicemen on a monthly basis.
The representative of the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine Yusov told in interview with "Ukrainian Truth" , reports Ukrinform.
"More than 3,000 applications we receive steadily a month from Russian military servicemen who would like to take advantage of this project.
Read also: [From the beginning of the war Russia has made more(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720279-z-pocatku-vijni-rosia-vcinila-ponad-desat-sprob-zamahu-na-budanova-gur.html)Every such appeal is an individual special operation, difficult to implement, "he summarized.
Yusov emphasized that the account of those who have already been brought out "goes on hundreds." At the same time, in words, cases where the military surrenders with the equipment, quite many - dozens.
Read also: to Russians it is not always important for what purpose will be a hit - yus “I want to live” - a state project designed to help servicemen with RFFRAPRAPHY CONTRACT. And also on the site of the project.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720308-proekt-hocu-zit-somisaca-otrimue-ponad-tri-tisaci-zaavok-vid-rosijskih-vijskovih-gur.html 
Almost 16,000 people can evacuate from the Kherson Right Bank 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T22:56:12+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:56:12+03:00
Description: If water will rise in the future as a result of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plant, almost 16,000 inhabitants will have to be evacuated from the Kherson region. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Евакуація', 'Херсонщина', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 If the kakhovsky hydroelectric power station is undergoing a result of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plant, nearly 16,000 inhabitants will have to be evacuated from the Right Bank.
About it in TEMACHONFON EVER The Chief of Kherson Ova Alexander Proudin told "Unin", reports.
“Today, 559 people from dangerous territories were evacuated by volunteers, rescuers and police. 2334 residents of the region have already been exported. Most of all, the Swamp of the ship in Kherson, from which 1765 Kherson was rescued. According to preliminary calculations, about 16,000 people will have to evacuate from the flood zone on the Right Bank, if the water will continue to disseminate, ”said Propkudin.
Read also: Kherson Ova opened a "hotline" to assist the survey According to him, in the morning, the average flood was at 5.61 m, anaragas 5.58 m.
“600 square meters flooded. km of Kherson region, of which 32% are the Right Bank, and 68% is this timely occupied our left bank. 28 populated points were flooded on the Right Bank. Previously, 3,500 houses were affected by Kakhovsky and Beryslav districts, ”Proudin added.
Read also: [from flooding zone in Kherson region Evak 2339 people have already been expected]](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720214-iz-zoni-pidtoplenna-na-hersonsini-evakuuvali-vze-2-334-ludini.html)As reported by Ukrinform, Russian troops made under June 6, the Podvikakhov Hydroelectric Power Plant . In this regard, there are risks to underwent energy in the Kherson region, in particular the Kherson TEPs. The evacuation of the population from potential flood areas is covered.
Photo: SES
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720311-iz-pravoberezza-hersonsini-mozut-evakuuvati-majze-16-tisac-ludej.html 
Youth World Cup 2023 Football: Uruguay will play in the final 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T22:59:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:59:00+03:00
Description: In Argentina, the 23rd Ritia of the World Football Championship among youth teams (players under 20 years) continues. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Футбол']
Type: Article
 Vargentina continues the 23rd FIFACE CABLICATION FIFACE AGAINING AGABLE AGAINING COMMAND(Players under 20 years).
Першу путівку до вирішальшого протистояння здобули футболісти Уругваю, які упівфіналі завдали поразки одноліткам з Ізраїлю - 1:0, передає Укрінформ.
Другу путівку у фінал розіграють Італія та Республіка Корея.
Фінал молодіжного ЧС-2023 відбудеться 11 червня у Ла-Платі.
Читайте також: Збірна України з футбол у прибула до Бремена на матчіз Німеччиною Recall that the current winner of the youth championship is the national team of Ukraine, which won the title in 2019 in Poland.
2021 Football World Cup(U20)The pandemic was not conducted.
Photo: FIFA.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720322-molodiznij-cs2023-z-futbolu-urugvaj-zigrae-u-finali.html 
Russian agent in Ukraine is eradicated with a frantic pace - Danilov 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T23:02:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:02:00+03:00
Description: NSDC Secretary Alexei Danilov stressed that the Russian agent is eradicated both in Ukraine and in partner countries at a frantic pace. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16778... ']
Tags: ['РНБО', 'Шпигун', 'Данілов', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Oleksiy Danilov, Secretarrno, stressed that Russian agent is eradicated both in Ukraine and in partner countries at a frantic pace.
According to Ukrinform, he told about it on the air Ukrainian radio .
"I want to say that there are so many processes in recent times. In this Tszarin, more and more countries are found in their territory of so -called" agents of influence ", direct spies that worked for the Russian Federation. Two or three years in the past and that is now, they are crazy shifts in this field. Recently, I am seeking the Security Service of Ukraine, military counterintelligence, counterintelligence, which are more and more finding more and more of those people who were in one time. We performed certain tasks, and we almost every day we have the report of the head of the Child General's Security Service with the results that the Security Service of Ukraine has, ”Danilov said.
As for other countries, he said "the introduction of the Russian language of promotion of the so -called" Russian world "occurs under the cover of the Russian special services.
Read also: [since the beginning of the war Russia has made more(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720279-z-pocatku-vijni-rosia-vcinila-ponad-desat-sprob-zamahu-na-budanova-gur.html)"This is an influence. The Russian Church is a separate conversation in general. They work for the Russian FSB. Where they have that God, if their churchmen say that they must go and kill children, people. Nowadays you will find such things in the commandments of God, but those people who are aware that they are relevant to the church, they give direct instructions. It is the church of the Moscow Patriarchate, which has nothing to do. These are athletes and all other institutions. Some journalists do not row from the hands of the Russian agency in order to be certain narratives In the light of being about the lie that they spread relative to our country. We are now working out in these areas and we and partners, "the NSDC Secretary said.
With regard to specific names of spies and agents of Russian influence in Ukraine Danilov He noted that they are known."We do not have a single day so that Vasily the baby does not report to the president. . They understand what is threatening. You see how many diplomats and other Russians make non -grata persons in their Russian swamps are forbidden to enter their territory. This happens almost every day. But not always publicly, "he researched.
As reported by Ukrinform, Danilov does not exclude that in Ukraine there may be bilateral agreements with NATO member countries, regarding their adherence in our country as representatives of the Alliance or in other viewing
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720312-rosijsku-agenturu-v-ukraini-vikorinuut-salenimi-tempami-danilov.html 
In the US, the Hollywood actor was detained for participating in the Capitol's storm 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T23:10:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:10:00+03:00
Description: The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) of the United States detained the Capitol in January 2021 of Hollywood actor Jay Johnston. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_14591... ']
Tags: ['США', 'Суд', 'Капітолій']
Type: Article
 Federal Bureau of Investigation(FBI)The United States detained the Capitol for participation in January 2021 of Hollywood actor Jay Johnston.
According to Ukrinform, it reports The Hollywood Reporter .
The Ministry of Justice made Johnston's accusation of his argument in the Capitol on January 6, 2021. Also against him were the accusations of "organization of public unrest, prohibited input or retraining in a building or in the territory, violation of public order, and also interfere with the passage through the territory or building of the Capitol."
Read also: [storm Capitol : A man who has fallen behind Stilpelos(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713800-sturm-kapitoliu-colovika-akij-vdersa-za-stil-pelosi-zasudili-na-45-roku.html)Law enforcement officers detained the actor on Wednesday in Los Angeles.
Foto: Neilson Barnard / Getty Images 
The FBI reported that according to flights, Johnston flew to Washington on January 4, returned to Los Angeles on January 7.
The actor is known, in particular, the roles in the series "Mr. Shaw" and the cartoon series "Each Bob".
Read also: [in the US assault participant Capitol Iu was sentenced to 14 years(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705563-u-ssa-ucasnika-sturmu-kapitoliu-zasudili-do-14-rokiv.html)As reported by Ukrinform, on January 6, 2021, the crowd moved to the US building after the calls of Donald Trump to restore justice to reconnect the "stolen elections". Five people were killed in the course of these events, and hundreds of wounds were held.
After that, law enforcement agencies made official accusations of more than 1.2 thousand stories. The House of Representatives formed a special committee that investigated these events.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720010-u-ssa-zatrimali-gollivudskogo-aktora-za-ucast-u-sturmi-kapitolia.html 
Greta Tunberg demands to punish Russia for ecocide in Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T23:17:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:17:00+03:00
Description: Having destroyed the dam of Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, Russia has caused ecocide, for which it must be punished. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15796... ']
Tags: ['Росія', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Тунберг']
Type: Article
 Destroying Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, Russia has caused ecocide, for which it is necessary to be bored.
According to Ukrinform correspondent, about it on its page on the network Twitter The Swedish eco -activist Greta Tunberg wrote.
“This ecocide is a continuation of the unjustified full -scale invasion of Russia Dirozki. This is another crime that has taken out the language in the world. Our views again in Russia, which should be held accountable for its rank, ”Tunberg wrote.
Read also: water level in Kakhovsk ohm the reservoir dropped than the "dead point" - Ukrhydroenergo As reported by Ukrinform, Russian troops made under June 6, the Podvikakhov Hydroelectric Power Plant . In this regard, there are risks to underwent energy in the Kherson region, in particular the Kherson TEPs. The evacuation of the population from potential flood areas is covered.
Today, Volodymyr Zelenskyy appealed to the representatives of the world environmental community, urging them to consolidate efforts to make Russia a responsibility for ecocid, and Ukraine does not remain alone with the tragedy.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720315-greta-tunberg-vimagae-pokarati-rosiu-za-ekocid-v-ukraini.html 
Zavatska was unable to go out to the 1/4 finals of the Challenger's WTA in Croatia 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T23:25:36+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:25:36+03:00
Description: Katarina Zavatskaya has completed a performance at the Challenger Series - Makarska Open - Makarsk (Croatia) with a prize fund of $ 115,000 - Ukrinform ahead of time.
Images: [' 630_360_16860... ']
Tags: ['Теніс']
Type: Article
 Ukrainiancatharina Zavatska completed the performance at the Women's Tennis Association tournament ahead of schedule(WTA)Challenger series - Makarska Open - in Makarsk(Croatia)With a $ 115 thousand
For the exit to the quarterfinals of the competition 23-year-old Volynyanka(№218 WTA)In the second conflict 3 hours 5 minutes gave way to the 53rd "rackets" of the Italian Jasmine Paolini- 2: 6, 6: 4, 6: 7(10:12), reports Ukrinform.
Read also: Ukrainian Bindl won Russian Astakhov in 1/8 WTA Finanurbance in Croatia The tournament in Croatia will last until June 11.
Photo: j48tennis.net.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720317-zavacka-ne-zmogla-vijti-do-14-finalu-cellendzera-wta-v-horvatii.html 
The President held a meeting on water provision of Dnipropetrovsk region 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T23:26:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:26:00+03:00
Description: During his working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region, Volodymyr Zelensky held a meeting on the implementation of the projects of the main water supply systems for replacement of those that were powered from the Kakhovka reservoir to provide water from the inhabitants of the region. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Дніпропетровщина', 'Вода', 'Зеленський', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 During the time trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region, Volodymyr Zelenskyi Provinovrad on the sale of the projects of the main water supply systems for replacement of those that were living from the Kakhovka reservoir to provide water from residents of the region.
About it reports Presidential Office, transmits Ukrinform.
Head of the Dnipropetrovsk Regional Military Administration Sergey Lisakdopopov was that he undermined dams at the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station led to problems with the provision of residents of the cities of Kryvyi Rih, Manganese, Pokrov and Nikopol. In particular, the water utilities in the Intercession and manganese were stopped. These cities now have the transportation of water by means of rail and road transport.
Video: Presidential Office 
In his turn, Viceremer for the restoration of Ukraine - Minister of Community Development, Territories and Infrastructure Alexander Kubrakov informed about the projected water buildings "Karachunovsky Reservoir - Kryvyi Rih - Southern Daugoid", "Manganese - Nikopol" and "Khortytsa - Tomakivka". According to him, the realization of these projects will allow to provide quality drinking water of people in the aftermath of the areas.
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Zelensky addressed the experience of the ecological community In addition, the planned expansion of the well network in Dnipropetrovsk region and carrying out a reconstruction of existing water pipes.
"The information of the chairman of the Defense of Kryvyi Rih Oleksandravilkul, the Marganets mayor Gennady Borovik, the Nikopol City chairman Alexander Sayuk and Pokrovsky mayor Alexander Alexander was also heard about the water supply of citizens," - the message reads.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720292-u-vodoshovise-pivdenne-perestala-nadhoditi-kahovska-voda-vilkul.html)It is noted that Volodymyr Zelenskyy has instructed to work out questions about the recovery of additional equipment for transportation of water to settlements. Foto: op 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720319-prezident-proviv-naradu-sodo-zabezpecenna-vodou-dnipropetrovskoi-oblasti.html 
Danilov: The consequences of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station for Russia will be catastrophic 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T23:37:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:37:00+03:00
Description: For Ukraine, the consequences of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station will be scary, but they will be catastrophic for the Russians. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16807... ']
Tags: ['Каховська ГЕС', 'Данілов', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 For Ukraine, the consequences of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station will be scary, but they will be catastrophic for Russians.
According to Ukrinform, about it in interview Ukrainian radio The secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Alexei Danilov said.
He assured that in September-October last year, the Ukrainian side warned that the Russians laid explosives directly at the station and were ready to carry out this terrorist act at any time.
Read also: Russian agent in Ukraine is eradicated with a frantic pace- Danilov "It was done directly by Putin's order , and the world community has to give a good thing for terrorists, "Danilov emphasized.
He noted that the time would pass and we will be able to calculate all the losses caused by the undergoing of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station. "Believe me, the consequences for our country will be terrible, but for the Russians they will be just catastrophic. Because they will tell all this. And those people in the Kremlin who were instructed to tear the dam will be responsible for it. , - he emphasized.
Read also: Danilov does not exclude the possibility of individual two -sided agreements with NATO countries As reported by Ukrinform, on the night of June 6, the Russian army undermined the Greblyukakhov hydroelectric power station . Rescue work and evacuation measures from flooding places continue in Kherson region. The situation remains in the temporarily occupied territories, de -Russian invaders have left the civilians without any help, while the access of Ukraine's rescue services to these people is extremely complicated.
On the fact of undermining the occupiers of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, law enforcement officers began investigation under the article "Ecocid".
Ukrhydroenergo stated that the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station is completely destroyed and recoverable.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720318-danilov-naslidki-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-dla-rosii-budut-katastroficnimi.html 
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: UN condemned by Russia's evacuation areas from the disaster zone 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T23:42:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:42:00+03:00
Description: A group of countries in the UN, including Ukraine, its partners in the Security Council and the EU countries, strongly condemn the shelling of Russian evacuation areas in the disaster zone caused by the undermining of the Kakhovsky dam. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16357... ', ' 1686257186-88... ']
Tags: ['ООН', 'Кислиця', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 Groupacraine in the UN, including Ukraine, its partners in the Security Council and the EU countries, strongly condemn the fires of Russian evacuation areas in the zoicastrophe caused by the undermining of the Kakhovsky dam.
According to Ukrinform, he read the statement to the posts of post -deputy of Ukraine when the UN Sergey Kislytsia was read to reporters.
"We strongly condemn the shelling of the evacuation areas and urge the Russian federation to stop such attacks and allow the evacuation groups to safely assist the victims of the civilian population," the statement reads.
Read also: in UN Criticized Zelensky - the organization is engaged in physical rescue of people Kyslytsy noted that, according to Kherson's local authorities, at least nine people, including police officers, doctors, were wounded as a result of a fire that occurred during the evacuation.
The authors of the statement also urged the Russian Federation to provide full, safe and retrorective access to the affected areas on the left bank of the Dnieper, which are under its military control, humanitarian organizations, including the UN and ICCC, to assist the victims.
Kyslytsia read the statement in the presence of representatives of the countries, is its authors. These are, in particular, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Malta, Albania, Japan, EU states.
 Foto: Vladimir Ilchenko, Ukrinform 
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: UN UN They say that Ukraine helps to overcome the consequences from the first day As reported by Ukrinform, Russian troops made under June 6, the Podvikakhov Hydroelectric Power Plant .
Фото: Alexandros Michailidis/Shutterstock
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720320-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-v-oon-zasudili-obstrili-rosieu-rajoniv-evakuacii-iz-zoni-katastrofi.html 
Britain is devoted to the long -term support of Ukraine - Sunak 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T23:48:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:48:00+03:00
Description: The UK Prime Minister Risha Sunak called the "decisive" contribution of the US to support Ukraine and assured that his country was committed to the victory of the forces of democracy and freedom. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16688... ']
Tags: ['Британія', 'Україна', 'допомога', 'Війна з Росією', 'Ріші Сунак']
Type: Article
 The UK Prime Minister Risha Sunak called the "decisive" contribution of the United States to the maintenance of Ukraine and assured that his country was committed to obligations to victory forces of democracy and freedom.
Sakak said this during a White House in common with the US President, Ukrinform correspondent reports.
“The United Kingdom is proud of our contribution, including tanks, long -range weapons and Ukrainian soldiers' training. But there should not be a decisive contribution that allows democracy and freedom to win, ”Snak said.
In this connection, he expressed his gratitude to President Biden personally to the Taman, who continue to provide Ukraine with everything necessary.
At the same time, Snak emphasized the need for other countries to intensify and realize their part of the contribution to joint security in the context of Russian aggression.
Read also: Snak : Legal Place of Ukraine - in NATO "We were lucky enough to get America's investment in European security, but the army is to divide the burden together," the Prime Minister said.
According to him, the expenditures of the United Kingdom for defense have always been more than 2%, which is considered a "control" for NATO countries. “Miserable other countries to follow the example of the US and Great Britain because our safety is ecolective, ”Snak emphasized.
He also agreed with Baiden's opinion that it was first and foremost a containment of the Russian Federation.
Read also: in Moldova Zelensky met with Snak ohm - talk about Storm Shadow and War “Putin will think that he can wait for NATO to get tired, get out, but not to be. And the more we can provide support for Ukraine - not only here and now, but also support for the future, for years - I think it will send it a powerful signal that there is no point in waiting, we will not go anywhere, we will be as much as we need " , - summarized the head of the British law. Foto: op 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720316-britania-viddana-dovgostrokovij-pidtrimci-ukraini-sunak.html 
Putin's doubles are in closed places and under vigilant security - intelligence 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T23:59:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T23:59:00+03:00
Description: The President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin uses double technology. They are in closed places and under vigilant security. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16640... ']
Tags: ['Лукашенко', 'Путін', 'Розвідка']
Type: Article
 The Presidential Federation Vladimir Putin uses double technology. They are overwhelmed in closed places and under vigilant security.
The representative of the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine Yusov told in interview with "Ukrainian Truth" , reports Ukrinform.
"Putin uses double technology. It is a fact based on both patronage intelligence and physiognomic doctors and many other specialists," he said.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711644-ostanni-piv-roku-na-oficijni-zahodi-izdat-dvijniki-putina-budanov.html)The GUR representative noted that visits to the temporarily occupied south of Ukraine are an absolute resolution. According to him, there was a very great difference both in behaviors and in the appearance of the so -called "Putin".
"He would never sit in that motor transport and in this form. He would be unpowered with a conditional local population, because we understand that access to a lively Putin in the Kremlin even for his own Hand, what they saw in Mariupol in the occupied Kherson region is a precise institution and a performance, "Yusov explained.
He informed that the doubles of the President of the Russian Federation live in more than one place. "They have been closed and under extreme vigilant protection," the representative of Ukrainian intelligence emphasized.
Read also: Danilov: In the occupied territory of Ukraine went double Putin At the same time, he added that the President of the Republic of Belarus is Alexander Lukashenman's double because he is "too atypical."
According to Ukrinform, according to GUR MOU, the President of the Russian Federation Putin uses at least three doubles.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720314-dvijniki-putina-perebuvaut-u-zakritih-miscah-i-pid-pilnou-ohoronou-rozvidka.html 
Ukraine develops a funding program for the development of a defense-industrial complex 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T24:00:00-04:00
Description: In Ukrainian, the fyannang pro -Rosoblias for the Pidpromism of the defense industry. About the work of the house ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be war With Ukraine, in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' opk.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ОЛЕКСАНДР КАМИШІН', 'ОПК', 'СЕКТОР ЕКОНОМІКИ']
Category: News
 Ukraine is developing a funding program for the defense enterprises.
About it reported Minister for strategic industries Alexander Kamyshin.
“We work with the premiere( Denis Šmigalem - red. )and a government team over a super -programs of financing for the OPC enterprises. The defensive industry is a not important element of the country's security. After all, we produce ammunition of such tattoos that help our armed forces to repel the enemy, ” - said Kamyshin.
According to him, the OPC is also an important sector of the economy. And program -financing program will help to significantly increase this sector.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/ukrayina-rozroblyaye-programu-finansuvannya-dlya-rozvytku-oboronno-promyslovogo-kompleksu/ 
White House about Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Persons: The reasons are being clarified but responsible for the destruction of Russia 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T26:00:00-04:00
Description: Biliy DIM VIZHAI VIDPOVILE DO RUNINOVANY KAKHOVSKO GES, Yak was raised by PID ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 49e9b23adc7f7e88181462846dc99f8c0e89d697.jpg ']
Tags: ['БІЛИЙ ДІМ', 'ВІЙНА', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС', 'РУЙНУВАННЯ']
Category: News
 The White House considers Russia responsible for the destruction of Kakhovskaya Hins , which was under the control of the forces of the Russian Army.
About it said White House spokeswoman Karin Jean Pierre at a briefing.
She noted that responsibility in any case lies in Russia, whose twing should not be in the Ukrainian territory in principle.
“But I will say that - and you heard how we said it before, only yesterday: there is nothing to be there. And, you know, this dam was under the control of Russia, and Ivons are responsible for the destruction caused by this war, ”the report said.
Joe Baiden's administration emphasized that the United States is still gathering information however, what happened.
“We still evaluate what happened. These are the loss, obviously, the devastation that we mibbles break the heart. We will do our best to help the people of Ukraine, of course, ”the message reads.
It is known that on June 6, Russian occupation troops carried out The undermining of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, causing it to be completely destroyed.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/bilyj-dim-pro-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-prychyny-zyasovuyutsya-ale-vidpovidalna-za-rujnuvannya-rosiya/ 
Germany provided new military assistance to Ukraine: all -life, shells and reconnaissance drones 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T28:00:00-04:00
Description: Nimechini’s detachment about the nadanny of the Ukrainian worm package of Vіsokovo Duphmo. ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' bandvagn-206.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВІЙСЬКОВА ДОПОМОГА УКРАЇНІ', 'ДОПОМОГА ПАРТНЕРІВ', 'НІМЕЧЧИНА', 'СВІТ ПІДТРИМУЄ УКРАЇНУ']
Category: News
 The German government reports to provide Ukraine with regular military assistance package.
According to message , Germany transmitted the official two -section ATVAGN 206 to the official Kyivbus, ammunition to the Gepard anti -aircraft market installations, VECTOR reconnaissance drones, border guard machines, antitrone systems and army rations.
We will remind, earlier Germany already transmitted Ukraine has several batches of LEOPARD 2A6 tanks, Patriot Anti-aircraft Practile Complex , [GEPARD Anti -Western Self -Product Self -Product Self(https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/02/08/nimechchyna-peredala-ukrayini-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-zokrema-gepard-ta-boyeprypasy/)and ammunition to them and more. In addition, Germany became the central training center of the Uevrop In coordination with the UK in the United Kingdom to prepare the Ukrainian military. By the end of 2023, NIMECHIA prepares up to 9 thousand servicemen of the Armed Forces.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/nimechchyna-nadala-ukrayini-novu-vijskovu-dopomogu-vsyudyhody-snaryady-ta-rozviduvalni-drony/ 
Ministry of Veterans conducted training for CNAP administrators on the quality of service provision to veterans services 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T2:00:00-04:00
Description: In Ukrainian, it was completed by the Seminari for Admiral Podkhniyv Nadannya ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine will be in 2022 Or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 514d384d9e0af9486947b27026e61c8d.jpeg ', ' dsc_0230-scaled.jpg ']
Tags: ['АДМІНПОСЛУГИ ДЛЯ ВЕТЕРАНІВ', 'ВЕТЕРАНИ', 'ЄДИНЕ ВІКНО', 'МІНВЕТЕРАНІВ', 'ЦНАП']
Category: News
 In Ukraine, training seminars for administrators of administrative services are completed(CNAP)regarding the peculiarities of providing a proper and quality service to war veterans and their families.
About this joint project of the Ministry of Veterans of Ukraine Taves -Ukrainian Association of Administrative Services Centers, where 1015 CNAP administrators from all regions and city of Kyiv have passed within a month of study, [writes] writes Ministry of Veterans site.
The seminars were conducted in online and offline formats, and the speakers of the Taffasilitators were the leading specialists of the Ministry of Veterans, including the Deputy Minister of Affairs of Ukraine for digital development, digital transformations and digitalization of Tatiana Kalita, as well as the heads of the CEO
Thus, the students of the seminars got acquainted with the list of administrative services for veterans, practical cases on the peculiarities of interaction with veterans and veterans during the provision of services in CNAPs, received answers to the most common questions from the specialists of Ministry of Veterans and Psychologists. After training, a coordination meeting was also held for the Centers for Creation of the Single Way Siege on Veterans Services.
“CNAP experts provide a large list of administrative services to different persons. And those social instruments that are in the centers have become a key to mining. Provision of quality services to war veterans and family members through a CNAP network will be an effective tool for returning Ukrainian defenders and defenders and their families to a peaceful life, contributing to self -realization in society, ”Svetlana Berezina stressed.
 Chairman of the All -Ukrainian Association of Administrative Services Centers, Director of the Department(Center)Provision of administrative services of the executive organization of the Kyiv City Council(Kyiv City State Administration)Natalia Shamray noted that the proper maintenance of veterans and their families is an epiorities in the work of the CNAP.The Ministry of Justice reminded that it was already implementing individual partnerships jointly by the content authorities. In particular, in the territorial community of the city, the “veteran” administrative service works Zhytomyr. There the CNAP base opened a "single window" for veterans, involved in his work involved employees who have been trained and are well known in guarantees, rights and opportunities for veterans. And in Kryvyi the administrative service "I - Veteran" - thanks to the cooperation of the Ministry of Executives of Veterans of Ukraine, Kryvyi Rih City Council and the Dnipropetrovsk Regional Military Administration, 561 services are available to the defenders and their families in one place.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/minveteraniv-provelo-navchannya-dlya-administratoriv-cznapiv-shhodo-yakosti-nadannya-poslug-veteranam/ 
Biden: I believe that we will have the necessary funding to support Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T2:29:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:29:00+03:00
Description: The US President is convinced that with two -party support in Congress, Ukraine will receive the necessary assistance, including in the long run. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16846... ']
Tags: ['Байден', 'Фінанси', 'Україна', 'допомога', 'Війна з Росією', 'Ріші Сунак']
Type: Article
 The presidential is convinced that with two -party support in Congress, Ukraine receives a new assistance, including in the long run.
He stated this during a joint press conference with Prime Minister Risha Sunak, Ukrinform correspondent reports.
“I believe we will have funding necessary to support Ukraine as much as it will be needed and I believe that this support is(In Congress - Ed.)Budreal, even though today you hear some votes in the Nakapitolian hill about whether we should continue to support Ukraine or how long we have to support them, ”the White House Head said.
In this connection, he suggested that he would have happened if the United States stopped with the Ukrainians.
“Do you think that Russia will stop in Kiev? Do you think that everything is on this? I think no. I think the vast majority of my colleagues and even critics also believe that it will not happen, ”Biden said.
Read also: [ Biden - About Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power: We will help(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719325-bajden-pro-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-mi-dopomozemo-ukraini.html)He stressed that in negotiations with the Ukrainian side, as well as with allies of partners on obligations to Ukraine, the goal is to ensure long -term security to curb the new potential aggression of the Russian Federation after the current war.
"And we are moving to this goal by providing support that Ukraine needs now on the battlefield, as well as help them to strengthen their army in the long run," the US President said.
According to Ukrinform, on Thursday in the White House a meeting of Presidentials Joe Baiden with Prime Minister of Great Britain, Rice Sunak, took place. The questions of support of Ukraine and a joint answer to the aggression of the Russian Federation were one of the main negotiations in Washington.
Foto: op 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720302-bajden-viru-so-mi-matimemo-neobhidne-dla-pidtrimki-ukraini-finansuvanna.html 
The enemy has increased the presence of rocket launchers in the Black Sea 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T30:00:00-04:00
Description: At the Chorny Morce, in the Board Cherguvanni, I am in full swing of 12 thief shipbuilders, there is only one of them ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 630_360_1678431971-142.jpeg ']
Tags: ['ВІЙСЬКОВО-МОРСЬКІ СИЛИ ЗСУ', 'КАЛІБРИ', 'ЧОРНЕ МОРЕ']
Category: News
 In the Black Sea, there are 12 enemy ships on combat duty, average one rocket carrier with eight "caliber".
About it reports The press service of the Navy of the Armed Forces.
There is one enemy ship in the Sea of Azov. In the Mediterranean there is no border.
During the day in the interests of the Russian Federation the passage of the Kerch-Yenikhal Strait made:
The Russian Federation continues to violate the International Convention on the Protection of Human Life at the Sea of 1974.(SOLAS)by turning off automatic identification systems(AIS), Nazi vessels in the Azov Sea.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/vorog-narostyv-prysutnist-raketonosiyiv-u-chornomu-mori-2/ 
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 92 thousand military crimes are documented 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T32:00:00-04:00
Description: OFIC General Prosecutor of Ukrainian, about the documentary of the cries, out of ... war with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 1-23.jpg ', ' 2-25.jpg ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВОЄННІ ЗЛОЧИНИ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ОФІС ГЕНЕРАЛЬНОГО ПРОКУРОРА УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine reports Crimes committed during the period of large -scale aggression of Russian federation against Ukraine.
As of June 8, it is registered:
In addition, according to official data of juvenile prosecutors, 1495 children were affected by the aggression of the Russian Federation, including:
The department emphasizes that these figures are not final, since work continues in their installation in places of active fighting, in temporarily occupied tangible territories.
 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-92-tysyachi-voyennyh-zlochyniv/ 
The US Secretary of Defense met with colleagues from France and Britain who confirmed the firm devotion to Ukraine's support 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T34:00:00-04:00
Description: The US defense of the United States Lloyd Ostin at the franziya was his own heels of the franzi ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' d754c6b2-b05b-418a-9cb8-999f65d4ad81.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'БЕН ВОЛЛЕС', 'ЛЛОЙД ОСТІН', 'ПЕНТАГОН', 'СЕБАСТЬЄН ЛЕКОРНЮ']
Category: News
 US Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin in France met with his colleagues Zbraniin Lecorton and Britain Ben Wallace.
About it reports Pentagon press service.
During their first personal meeting in a tripartite format, the leading devotion to Ukraine's support for its brave defense of Russia's relentless war and were united in their intention to continue to provide for the provision of safe assistance to the Armed Forces of Ukraine as long as they need.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/ministr-oborony-ssha-zustrivsya-z-kolegamy-z-francziyi-ta-brytaniyi-yaki-pidtverdyly-tverdu-viddanist-pidtrymczi-ukrayiny/ 
Demand of Ukraine: Two aviation bombs were neutralized per day of pyrotechnics 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T36:00:00-04:00
Description: Lent out, 7 worms, pirotechnic, Pirodrodiy of the Hold Service of Ukraine ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' miny-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['ДСНС УКРАЇНИ', 'РОЗМІНУВАННЯ']
Category: News
 During the last day, June 7, Pyrotechnical units of the State Emergency Service Service 156 times have been involved in the execution of mine tasks.
About this _ reports_ Government portal.
Pyrotechnical units found, seized and disposed of 419 units. Dental items, including 2 aviation bombs. Examined(cleared)territory of more than 233.18 hectares.
Background: from the beginning of large -scale aggression of the Russian Federation of Ukrainian Federation of Ukraine, pyrotechnic units of the SES of Ukraine were involved 49 425 times to fulfill the tasks of mine. Disposed of 397 thousand 946 units of safety items , including 2 987 Aviation bombs .(cleared)area of area 89 thousand 235 hectares **.
A total of 174 thousand square meters remain. km of potentially dangerous territories, measuring 30% of the total area of the state.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/rozminuvannya-ukrayiny-za-dobu-pirotehniky-zneshkodyly-dvi-aviaczijni-bomby/ 
Russian terrorists fired 145 settlements of Ukraine, are dead and wounded 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T38:00:00-04:00
Description: The last passes of the Rosiyski Vіsyska were shelled by the Teritarian of 9 regions of Ukraine. About ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo_5192982560764971269_y-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВІЙНА', 'ОБСТРІЛИ РФ', 'РОСІЯ ДЕРЖАВА-ТЕРОРИСТ']
Category: News
 During the last day, Russian troops fired at the territory of 9 regions of Ukraine.
About it reports Military Mediacenter.
“From different types of weapons(mortars, tanks, artillery, RSZV, UAV, SCR, tactical aviation)145 settlements and 104 object Infrastructure were fired, ”the message reads.
According to preliminary information, they are killed and injured among civilians, the number of victims is clarified.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/rosijski-terorysty-obstrilyaly-145-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/ 
UPL. List of 33 best football players of the season-2022/23 according to Wyscout 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T3:31:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:31:00+03:00
Description: The symbolic team of the Ukrainian Football Championship according to the reputable statistical organization index was identified. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Футбол', "Прем'єр-ліга"]
Type: Article
 The symbolic team of the Ukrainian Football Championship according to the index of authoritative statistical organization was determined.
As a result of the season in Ukrainian Premier League(UPL)became known symbolic list 33 of the best football players of the Season 2022/23, compiled according to the Wyscout statistical platform index, reports Ukrinform.
The above rating is based on the statistical algorithms of the corresponding program.
Read also: start of the new football championship UPL Scheduled on July 29 _Pan 33 UPL Players of the season-2022/23 from Wyscout: _
Goalkeepers: 1. Oleg Mozil(Metalist 1925), 2. Eugene Volynets("Ear"), 3. Alexander of the bandura(“Minaj”).
Праві захисники: 1. Денис Мірошниченко (Alexandria), 2. Igor Persuta(Vorskla), 3. Bogdan Butko("Star").
Центральні захисники (right): 1. Valery Bondar("Miner"), 2. Denis Popov(«Dynamo»), 3. Maxim Imerekov("Star").
Центральні захисники (left): 1. Mykola Matvienko("Miner"), 2. Edward Sarasi(Dnipro-1), 3. Yaroslav Rakitsky("Miner").
Ліві захисники: 1. Максим Брагару (Chernomorets), 2. Vasily Kravets(Vorskla), 3. Artem Smolyakov(Ingulets).
Праві півзахисники: 1. Олексій Гуцуляк (Dnipro-1), 2. Rostislav Rusin(Metalist 1925), 3. Maxim Zaderaka(“Kryvbas”).
Опорні півзахисники: 1. Володимир Бражко ("Star"), 2. Alexander Sklyar(Vorskla), 3. Valery Kucherov("Heather").
Центральні півзахисники: 1. Єгор Твердохліб (“Minaj”), 2. George Sudakov("Miner"), 3. Alexander Pihalokonok(Dnipro-1).
Атакувальні півзахисники: 1. Віталій Буяльський («Dynamo»), 2. Sergei Bulets("Star"), 3. Talles("Movement").
Ліві півзахисники: 1. Таулян Сефері (Vorskla), 2. Lave Solomon-Otabor("Movement"), 3. Gennady Pasich("Heather").
Центральні нападники: 1. Артем Довбик (Dnipro-1), 2. Nazarii Rusin("Star"), 3. Yuri Klimchuk("Movement").
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720301-upl-spisok-33-najkrasih-futbolstiv-sezonu202223-za-versieu-wyscout.html 
For defenders create a structure for coordinating the work of military psychologists 
Author: ['Леся Медведенко']
Time: 2023-06-08T40:00:00-04:00
Description: The Military Media Center conducted the rounded STIL on the theme “VIINA TRAINS OF THE SHOM. Yak ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' d81a3dab-f417-4a7a-9d6b-f05bf51dc79d.jpg ', ' 5f9a9114.jpg ', ' 5f9a9091.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'ПСИХОЛОГИ']
Category: News
 Today, Military Media Center held a round table on "War of opposite souls. How to maintain the mental health of military personnel and all social education. " The event was attended by Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Hannamar.
It was impossible to prepare for the war of this scale, but in Ukraine there was a community that takes care of the mental health of the whole nation, the defense ministry was also involved in these processes. The Armed Forces of Ukraine, as part of Ukrainian society, need help in this area.
According to Anna Malyar, there are now several challenges before the department: a significant increase in the number of servicemen, a deficit of military psychologists with tadoming of stereotypes and stigmatization about the psychological assistance of media servants.
 Due to the military specificity and security issues with servicemen, only military psychologists are currently working. According to the Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine, some steps have already been taken in the Armed Forces to resolve the problem.
-First, we carried out targeted mobilization for available vacancies and conducted appropriate training in working with the military. Secondly, civil organizations and civilian psychologists who have been working on this front since 2014 are already involved and carrying all this burden on themselves, ”she said.
 Anna Malyar also emphasized that a serious challenge remains the stigmatization of psychological problems. After all, psychological assistance is provided on voluntary basis, a person has the right not to consult a specialist, and stereotypes prevent people from admit that they need such help. Therefore, the primary task of the help of help remains an explanatory work. Now it is extremely necessary to translate psychological help on the usual thing. Foto: Nazar Voloshin 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/dlya-zahysnykiv-stvoryuyut-strukturu-z-koordynacziyi-roboty-vijskovyh-psyhologiv/ 
Our task: after the war to return to the civilian life of mentally healthy people - Nazim Agayev 
Author: ['Олександр Тереверко']
Time: 2023-06-08T42:00:00-04:00
Description: - Mini -constituent of defense є Active member of the all -Ukrainian signs of mental healthy, ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo_5190607267756623225_y.jpg ']
Tags: ['НАЗІМ АГАЄВ']
Category: News
 - The Ministry of Defense is an active participant in the All -Ukrainian Programming Health, and we all understand well that in the field of view of our specialists there are not only servicemen but also families of defenders, - said during the round table "War against our souls. How to maintain mental health servicemen and the whole society »Provisional Acting Director of the Department of Humanitarian Support of the Ministry of Defense Nazimagayev. - That is, we need to deal with the issues of preserving their mental health and psychosocial support. Considering the experience of US soldiers who fought in Vietnam, we will have problems with the diagnosis of stressful stress disorder in about 8 years. So now we are working with servicemen who will return to the future life in the future. And our task is to provide the defenders of quality assistance so that after demobilization they are mentally healthy and ready to build a country.
According to Nazim Asaphevich, the whole psychological component is concentrated in the head management of moral and psychological support of the Armed Forces. Structural changes have been made for a year, which everyone has been waiting for since 2014. The psychological assistance system has been formed and now acquires capacity. There is a deficiency of psychologists, but this issue is gradually resolved.
To date, one of the main tasks of the military department in terms of implementation of the Ukrainian Mental Health Program, according to Nazim Agayev, is a meter with public organizations that can provide psychological buildings, wellness institutions Nafront. Foto: Nazar Voloshin 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/nashe-zavdannya-pislya-vijny-povernuty-v-czyvilne-zhyttya-psyhichno-zdorovyh-lyudej-nazim-agayev/ 
"Every restored person is a capacity, it is an economy" - Oksana Zabitneva 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T44:00:00-04:00
Description: The power of MAH BUTI is ready to the integrated pIDDURENT IS Mental Health ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, War with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo_2023-06-08_13-04-07.jpg ']
Tags: ['КАБІНЕТ МІНІСТРІВ УКРАЇНИ', 'ОКСАНА ЗБІТНЄВА']
Category: News
 The state should be ready for a comprehensive approach to the restoration of the mental health of Ukrainians after the war. For this purpose, All -Ukrainian Programming Health is created, which will provide every citizen with a system of quality services and services and will help to restore the war damaged by the war, to turn to a fulfilling life. Oksana Zabitneva, the head of the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine, told this during the roundtable meeting at the Military Media Center on the theme "War Against our Souls. How to maintain the mental health of the military personnel of the society. "
According to her, aspects and components that are components of the mental health care are in every sector and in every industry. Therefore, relevant ministries need to unite, coordinate, and interact in order for their approved decisions in this field to create a chain of services and services that support a person to support a person on the way to mental recovery.
According to the Head of the Coordination Center for Mental Health of the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine, the scale of the problem and the point of reference will now be estimated, which will be based on a state level plan.
On the recommendation of the World Health Organization, in your pyramid of services, which is an expert partner of creating an all -Ukrainian program of health health, you must first build a plan at the state level, provide services in communities and create a specialized assistance system.According to her, in the organization of the system of services, Ukraine faces descent and large -scale challenges: what should be the education, what should be the programming of specialists, whether they bring up new experience and new knowledge.
What the system of services and services should be after the war - how to properly organize it in order for a person not to lose in the era of post -war changes, the vibration cannot cope with new challenges.
It is necessary to decide how the training of specialists of specialized assistance will be prepared, who will determine their level of qualification and how they will ensure their installation in the system.
However, the state coordination system is built on the part of the state - each of the ministry presented its priority project. The Minister of Defense of Ukraine presented a large five -layer and multilayered restoration for armed forces. A system of regional coordination is created - every OVA has a deputy responsible for mental health, a system of services and services provided in the community is created.
But what is important: if this component is not built in defense, the tops of the military in civil life will not cope with these flows that have the unique combat experience and the traumatic events experienced, the military psychologists are able to work. Therefore, it is important here that they will be common and strong in it.
Foto: Nazar Voloshin 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/kozhna-vidnovlena-lyudyna-cze-praczezdatnist-cze-ekonomika-oksana-zbitnyeva/ 
According to the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station there is a military-political leadership of the Russian Federation-Andriy Yusov 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T46:00:00-04:00
Description: Low in the meals aid to be very indirectly bring the accounting of the VIISKOVO-FELITICAL ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 2023-05-04-11.39.59.jpg ']
Tags: ['АНДРІЙ ЮСОВ', 'ГУР МОУ', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС']
Category: News
 Andriy Yusov. Photo: Dmitryurchenko / Armyinform
A number of existing direct and indirect evidence prove the involvement of the military-political leadership of Muscovy and its troops in the undermining of the Kakhovsk Hydroelectric power plant.
Andriy Yusov told about it, reports Main Department of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine.
“Speaking of the evidence base, it is and is currently active. The capacity of direct and indirect evidence of the fact that the purposeful destruction of Dambiges, it is a blast, stands not just the Russian Federation, but military-political and official military-agitators », - said the representative of the GUR of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine.
Andriy Yusov recalled that Ukraine has repeatedly emphasized the mine of the Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power Plant, and the Russian terrorist attack is aimed at the launching of the Ukrainian security and defense forces.
"The fact that a week before the terrorist attack to the regulatory framework of the Russian Federation was introduced to the purpose that it is possible not to calculate the consequences of man-made catastrophy of wartime, it seems-it is a turnout with a guarantee,"-said a representative of GUR MUNUKRAIN.
Summarizing, Andriy Yusov noted that the entire sector of security and defense forces continues to form and fill the evidence base in order to punish the Russia's terrible crime.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/za-teraktom-na-kahovskij-ges-stoyit-vijskovo-politychne-kerivnycztvo-rf-andrij-yusov/ 
In the south of Ukraine, the enemy significantly reduced the number of shelling - Natalia Humeniuk 
Author: ['Григорій Мазур']
Time: 2023-06-08T48:00:00-04:00
Description: Strong flow of the water, Yak Bula Ruinovanni of the Kakhovo Ges, actually served Persha ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine latest news today, news war with Ukraine 2022 The last ones today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 181116-1_large_bf.jpg ']
Tags: ['НАТАЛІЯ ГУМЕНЮК']
Category: News
 The strong flow of water, which was caused by the destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, actually called the first line of Russian troops in the area. The water flooded the left coastra and forced the invaders to move from 5 to 15 kilometers of rifled directions. The head of the united Press Center of Defense Forces of the South of Ukraine Humeniuk reported this on a live broadcast of the nationwide marathon "Yedinovina".
According to her, the number of shellings by the Zagarbnik has also decreased almost twice, as they are currently involved in issues related to the communication of the release of troops. In particular, the mortar -settings of the Russians, which were felt by residents of Kherson, have decreased significantly.
The spokeswoman also drew attention to the situation in the region by buying objects. The fact is that during flooding the water is swollen mine fields of the enemy. Mines and other explosive objects that have flowed downstream pose a deadly danger to the civilian population.
She stressed that in the event of a mining, civilian population must be defined by defense forces, since the cases of mines in the water have already been recorded by our military.
Natalia Humeniuk also answered the questions of the leading "only news" of the protakotics of the Russian troops in the Black Sea.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/na-pivdni-ukrayiny-vorog-znachno-zmenshyv-kilkist-obstriliv-nataliya-gumenyuk/ 
Roszmi promote the narrative about the inaccuracy 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T49:00:00-04:00
Description: “Ukraine is not afraid of Kakhovo Hes. Was to be afraid of the ninete of Dambi of the Kyiva Water Summer .... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not , Will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo_5190589774354829015_y.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС', 'РОСІЙСЬКІ ФЕЙКИ', 'ЦПД РНБО']
Category: News
 “Ukrainians are not afraid of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants. They are afraid of the destruction of the Dam of the Kyiv Aquarius. If something happens to her - a large number of people will die. " The Russian propagandist stated in. Solovyov.
The Center for Combating Misinformation on its Official Facebook page reports that the inaccuracy of the Russian Federation before the blasting of the Dam of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plant is the main Narrative of Russian propaganda media.
The Putin propagandist also stated that the situation with the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station was not common with the interests of the Russian Federation.
"Despite the fact that the hydroelectric power plant has been replaced and undermined by the Russian accumulators, the Kremlin and the media under it continue to promote the narrative of the Russian Federation to blast the dam," the statement said.
In addition, in order to demoralize Ukrainian society and sow fear in the eyes of the people, propagandists began to mention in their conversations about the dam of the Kiev Damage.
Realizing the inevitability of its defeat, the Kremlin regime does not leave the attempt to simulate the Ukrainian authorities before negotiations under the terrorist conditions of the Russian Federation.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/roszmi-prosuvayut-naratyv-pro-neprychetnist-rf-do-pidryvu-damby-kahovskoyi-ges-czpd/ 
The Russian soldier says that, fearing Ukrainian offensive, Russian soldiers do not return from vacations 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T4:00:00-04:00
Description: Golovna managed by the Rosvіki of the Ministry of Defense crossed Rozmova the warrior of the 488th regiment ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 The last to today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' gurperehoplennya.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ГУР ПЕРЕХОПЛЕННЯ', 'РОСАРМІЯ']
Category: News
 Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense intercepted The conversation of the soldier of the 488th Regiment of the Russian Army, which was probably the mother, about the expectation of the offensive of the Ukrainian army.
"For every military crime against Ukraine, there will be a valid payment," military intelligence officers assure.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/voyak-rf-rozpovidaye-shho-poboyuyuchys-ukrayinskogo-nastupu-rosijski-soldaty-ne-povertayutsya-z-vidpustok/ 
Danilov does not exclude the possibility of individual bilateral agreements with NATO countries 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T4:32:29+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:32:29+03:00
Description: NSDC Secretary Alexei Danilov does not exclude that Ukraine may have individual bilateral agreements with NATO members regarding their presence in our country as representatives of the Alliance or in a different form. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16807... ']
Tags: ['НАТО', 'РНБО', 'Данілов', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Oleksiy Danilov Secretarrnov does not exclude that Ukraine may have individual subtitlation agreements with NATO member countries regarding their presence of the alliance or in a different form.
According to Ukrinform, he stated this in interview Ukrainian radio .
"As for Mr. Rasmussen's statement, we would very much like security guarantees(For Ukraine - ed.)They were not guarantees of the Budapest sample of 1994, but were guarantees effective and binding. When Putin was active in the war in February 2014, and then again in February 2022, he intended that NATO would in no way expand or approach the Russian borders. As a result, we see that today's Finland is almost members of the Alliance. Both one and the other are near the spray, and one at its border. And the fact that we will be members of the Alliance is a question of time. This is our norm of the Constitution, which no one will be cleaned from there. We will be sure to be there because we are worth being in a single family that supports democracy and meets NATO countries, " - said Danivilov.
Read also: Secretary of the NSDC compared Putin with Ben Laden: destroys everything he sees in his way In addition, he commented the statements of foreign minister Dmitry Kulebipro that NATO troops will not enter the territory of Ukraine At least the dosing of this war, and the former NATO Secretary General of Rasmussen that certain certains can still take measures individually.
"Let's wait for more specific actions. I do not exclude such an option that bilateral agreements with certain countries that are members of NATO, alletreb will understand what these agreements should be. All agreements - according to the international law ... So let This will happen, whether there will be Ukraine that will agree. But I emphasize again - only very quality, issued relevant regulatory documents, "the Secretary of the NSDC said. Read also: Danilov After the NSDC meeting: no Russian will not be released by Ukraine, which time has come On July 11-12, another NATO summit will take place in Vilnius, which considers the benefits of assistance to Ukraine in the fight against Russian aggression. Presidential Divine Zelensky expressed his intention to take part in this meeting in person. At all levels, the Ukrainian side stressed that the assurances that "Ukraine will become a member of the Alliance", which were made during the Bucharest NATO, in 2008, is not enough. Instead, Ukraine raises NATO -universities about providing security guarantees and a clear perspective on full membership in the Alliance.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720303-danilov-ne-viklucae-mozlivosti-individualnih-dvostoronnih-ugod-z-krainami-nato.html 
In the Nikolaev area, a pseudo -pseudoraut was detained, who assigned a million assembled on the Armed Forces 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T50:00:00-04:00
Description: At the Mikolavshchini Vikrit 26-rope pseudo-reoller, having grown a penny on consumption ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 7-19-e1686223573236.jpg ']
Tags: ['ОФІС ГЕНЕРАЛЬНОГО ПРОКУРОРА УКРАЇНИ', 'ПСЕВДОВОЛОНТЕР', 'ШАХРАЙСТВО']
Category: News
 In Mykolaiv region a 26-year-old pseudo-lane was exposed, who collected the money of the alleged need of the Ukrainian military, hiding behind the name of the famous charity fund. In this way, the new moon managed to seize more than UAH 1 million.
About this informs Office of the General Prosecutor of Ukraine.
Yes, the man placed on the YouTube Channel a roller of a well-known charity foundation for the locks to transfer funds to the needs of one of the mountain-assaults. At the same time, he changed the details for transferring funds and received sacrifices to his accounts.
He spent the donations received in virtual casino and a luxurious life.
Law enforcement officers detained it in the territory of Novy Bug of the Nikolaev area.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/na-mykolayivshhyni-zatrymano-psevdovolontera-yakyj-pryvlasnyv-miljon-zibranyj-na-zsu/ 
The couple of traitors will be judged, which after Kherson's de -occupation burned her Russian passports - DBR 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T51:00:00-04:00
Description: The DBR pratsilniki completed the Rossli -Divannie Scho Zhodov Prazizdi Prazivnikiv, the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the war with Ukraine 2022 is the last ones today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine will be in 2022 Or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 13047b9-1bd0830-dbr-pidozryue-golovu-miskrajonnogo-sudu-odeshhini-ta-advokata-u-shahrajstvi-2.jpg ', ' whatsapp-image-2023-06-07-at-13.42.58-450x395-4fd.jpeg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ДЕРЖАВНЕ БЮРО РОЗСЛІДУВАНЬ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
DBR employees have completed pre -trial investigation into the State Council(№ 10)”. Following the dismissal of the couple, Russian passports were burned from the occupiers reports State Bureau of Investigation.
Bureau staff, together with the SBU and the National Police, exposed the husband and wife who worked as younger inspectors in the correctional facility and voluntarily crossing the enemy.
The fake institution worked under the laws of the aggressor country. The traitors follow the instructions of the invaders. It is known that they also provided Russian patriots, including ATO and OOS participants. They have removed the specimen of the Russian Federation, and the salary was paid in rubles.
 During the sanctioned searches at the place of residence of the suspects, law enforcement officers found oaths of citizen of the Russian Federation, official certificates, symbols of the Curf. Also withdrawn documents issued by the occupiers for unobstructed by checkpoints and permission to wear weapons.
According to prompt information, the defendants had received passports of the aggressor country. But after the release of Kherson, the couple's couple burned them, hoping to avoid responsibility. The suspects tried to hide, but they were exposed and detained during stabilization measures.
They are accused of committing a criminal offense - the state betrayed the conditions of martial law(Part 2 of Art. 111 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine). Санкція статті передбачаєдовічне позбавлення волі. Обвинувальні акти скеровані до суду.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/sudytymut-podruzhzhya-zradnykiv-yake-pislya-deokupacziyi-hersona-spalylo-svoyi-rosijski-pasporty-dbr/ 
In Britain, Canadian instructors teach the Armed Forces how to act in an urbanized area 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T52:00:00-04:00
Description: VIISKOVOVOSKOVSKY of the ZBRYUKY of Canadi to hunger the Zbroany forces of Ukraine PID Hour ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 352730484_759773256152906_5529316040436615386_n.jpg ', ' 351133398_675753474382183_3245327148727989803_n-150x150.jpg ', ' 351156256_976234093540449_8447363865578945623_n-150x150.jpg ', ' 351329219_608230681266778_5805523180764780149_n-150x150.jpg ', ' 352192140_197023952881499_5174340089688177049_n-150x150.jpg ', ' 352335854_6063513757079803_5892035736279738768_n-150x150.jpg ', ' 352362678_1007788237251660_8209190363175852110_n-150x150.jpg ', ' 352389325_801384671302073_2025399821573996132_n-150x150.jpg ']
Tags: ['INTERFLEX', 'STOPRUSSIA', 'UNIFIER - UK', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВЕЛИКА БРИТАНІЯ', 'ДОПОМОГА ПАРТНЕРІВ', 'СВІТ ПІДТРИМУЄ УКРАЇНУ']
Category: News
 Canada's Armed Forces servicemen teach armed force recruits during the UNIFIER-UK operation as part of the Interflex multinational operation in the United Kingdom in the UK, combat operations in urbanized localization.
In particular, under the guidance of Canadian instructors, Ukrainian recruits theoretically study and work out practically tactical elements regarding the entry into the house and room, evacuation of the victims during the maintenance in settlements, preparation, seizure, seizure and maintenance of buildings and complex actions in the composition.
Such training modules are trained by the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces for combat conditions at the Targence of Ukraine from the Russian aggressor.
!(Images/AРМІЯINFORM/2023-06-08T52-00-00-04-00/351133398_675753474382183_3245327148727989803_n-150x150.jpg) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Source: _ General Staff _
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/u-brytaniyi-kanadski-instruktory-navchayut-vijskovyh-zsu-yak-diyaty-v-urbanizovanij-misczevosti/ 
Defense forces struck 32 areas of concentration of the enemy 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T53:00:00-04:00
Description: Avіaatsіya defense forces for Dob took 23 strokes in the areas of Zserdzhennya of a special warehouse ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' arta.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ВТРАТИ ВОРОГА', 'ГЕНЕРАЛЬНИЙ ШТАБ ЗС УКРАЇНИ', 'РАНКОВЕ ЗВЕДЕННЯ', 'СИЛИ ОБОРОНИ УКРАЇНИ', 'ХРОНІКА ОБОРОНИ']
Category: News
 🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 23 strokes in the areas of concentration of the personnel and 4-on the enemy's anti-aircraft missile complexes, reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
The report also states that during the day our defenders knocked out 4 enemy reconnaissance UAVs.
At the same time, the units of rocket troops and artillery during the day were struck by 4 points of management, 9 areas of concentration of live power, weapons and military equipment, 5 ammunition depots, 2 anti-aircraft missile complexes and a 1 radiolocation station of the enemy.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/syly-oborony-protyagom-doby-urazyly-32-rajona-zoseredzhennya-voroga-znyshhyly-4-punkty-upravlinnya-2-zrk-i-5-skladiv-boyeprypasiv/ 
The President of Ukraine visited a pumping station flooded in Mykolaiv region due to the destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T54:00:00-04:00
Description: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, having arrived in Mikolavshchina, de Vidvіdav Golovna ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 606a2f50d73ac5d0e526e897cd81ca92_1686213138_extra_large.jpeg ']
Tags: ['КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС', 'МИКОЛАЇВЩИНА', 'ПРЕЗИДЕНТ УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky arrived in Mykolaiv region, where the visited pumping station of the Ingulets River Management, flooded because of the formation of a dam of Kakhovka hydroelectric power station.
About this it is referred In his telegram channel.
“In the flooded settlements, people were evacuated, rescuers and government officials. We provide people with drinking water, the necessary food, ”the head of state said.
He added that the Snigurov community has created a headquarters to eliminate the consequences of the Crastrophy, which operates around the clock.
Earlier, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, while on a working trip in the Kherson region, visited affected by the destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/prezydent-ukrayiny-vidvidav-na-mykolayivshhyni-nasosnu-stancziyu-zatoplenu-cherez-rujnuvannya-kahovskoyi-ges/ 
Olesya Ogryzko: Ukrainians abroad - our Ambassadors army, which is responsible for the collective brand "Ukraine" 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T55:00:00-04:00
Description: Once on the margins of Ukraine, I have been rallying a hud 8 Milioniv Ukraine. It’s a pity for the hobby, the war ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not , Will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' imag94322.png ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'ВІДБУДОВА КРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 There are now more than 8 million Ukrainians outside Ukraine. Unfortunately or honest, this is now our army of Ambassadors, from actions, words and from the behavior of us will be evaluated. Therefore, each of us should remember that in fact we all play a role and be responsible for the collective brand "Ukraine". About it was told by the head of the Center for Defense Strategies, the head of the international director in the coalition of Rise-Ukraine, the head of the analytical direction of the Tastregical Advocacy .(https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/dlya-nablyzhennya-peremogy-ukrayiny-potribno-vkladatysya-v-yiyi-vidbudovu-vzhe-sogodni-olesya-ogryzko/).
— Тому те, що ми можемо всі робити, незалежно від того, чим ми займаємося, —це розповідати про наші реформи, про історії успіху. Навіть якщо це історіяуспіху маленької громади. До прикладу, громади Тростянця, там де люди простонеймовірні, які одразу ж після деокупації просто зібралися і, не чекаючидопомоги, в унісон працюють, як злагоджений вулик, і відбудовують себе. Таксамо, як жителі Ірпеня, Бучі, Гостомеля також почали латати свої будівлі.Тому, якщо складно говорити про реформи, про якісь трансформації, яківідбулися за останніх 9 років після Революції Гідності, просто розповідайтеісторії про те, яке ми сильне суспільство, як ми боремося за всі ті цінності,за які стоїть весь цивілізований світ. Тим самим ми проявляємо себе івідкриваємо серця людей за кордоном, — зазначила Олеся Огризко.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/olesya-ogryzko-ukrayinczi-za-kordonom-nasha-armiya-ambasadoriv-yaka-vidpovidaye-za-kolektyvnyj-brend-ukrayina/ 
The Armed Forces of the Armed Forces received 30 ambulances 
Author: ['Валентина Вілюра']
Time: 2023-06-08T56:00:00-04:00
Description: At the framework of the Military Initsіativi Front, Metіnvest Group transferred to the medical forces ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the war with Ukraine 2022 is the last to today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war, war With Ukraine in 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' golovna-2-2.jpg ', ' 1-27-150x150.jpg ', ' 2-29-150x150.jpg ', ' 3-23-150x150.jpg ', ' 4-18-150x150.jpg ', ' 5-18-150x150.jpg ', ' 6-19-150x150.jpg ', ' 7-20-150x150.jpg ']
Tags: ['МЕДИЧНІ СИЛИ']
Category: News
 As part of the Metinvest Militar Front Initiative, the Metinvest Group of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 30 ambulances worth about 18 million hryvnias.
All cars are delivered from Italy. For their transfer, they attracted the carriers of Poland, then the ambulance volunteers were delivered to Ukraine.
!(Images/AРМІЯINFORM/2023-06-08T56-00-00-04-00/1-27-150x150.jpg) 
 
 
 He also said that nowadays, before the probable offensive of Ukraine's defense forces, it is important to provide ambulance military vehicles. Ukrainian -living people who live in Italy helped find these cars. In total, about 200 ambulances were purchased, overtaken and designed.
!(Images/AРМІЯINFORM/2023-06-08T56-00-00-04-00/5-18-150x150.jpg) 
 
 In the ambulance themselves, there are harvested places for oxygen, sub -select, and some of them can be independent generators.
Opto author 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/medychni-syly-zsu-otrymaly-30-karet-shvydkoyi-dopomogy/ 
The Russian Federation implements provocations that create social tension among prisoners' families - coordination headquarters 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T57:00:00-04:00
Description: At the coordinating headquarters of the online-Zustinich, Rodinov Vіskovo Service ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' ksh5.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВІЙСЬКОВОПОЛОНЕНІ', 'КООРДИНАЦІЙНИЙ ШТАБ З ПИТАНЬ ПОВОДЖЕННЯ З ВІЙСЬКОВОПОЛОНЕНИМИ']
Category: News
 The Coordination Headquarters took place an online meeting with the families of the National Guard of Ukraine, during which representatives of the staff and NSU answered the questions about the Big.
About it reports Coordination headquarters of inquiries for the treatment of prisoners of war.
The aggressor country is constantly working on creating social tension among families. It takes various measures and provocations for this purpose.
“For example, they can be given to the exchange of a guy who is only a month in captivity, when there are people who are already there for more than a year. We do not give up a nivid of whom. We do not have such moral law. We take away everyone, ”the representative of the headquarters explained. - When we form a negotiation position, we give preference to the first place seriously wounded, seriously ill, and those who are the longest time. "
The headquarters also stressed that the main principle of work is an uniqueness.
"We will never put any part or unit above, but someone below. More in captivity in one place can be different defenders: there will be sitting in the chamber of both the Marines, the Guards, and the border guards," he said.
Some participants of the meeting were interested in why, when there is an official confirmation of the Polonivida of Russia through the International Committee of the Red Cross, the defenders are still non -existent.
"Unfortunately, confirmation of captivity is not a guarantee that a person is exchanged at the next time," said the headquarters. - The same can be said as a storage. Natives spend a lot of efforts to find the place of keeping their defenders in captivity. Their concern is clear, but while we are looking, they can move the person to another place. Moreover, when such information is in public space in public space. "
The staff representative also warned the scammers who are called volunteers and collect money for captured. The coordination headquarters must be reported about such cases.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/rf-realizuye-provokacziyi-yaki-stvoryuyut-soczialnu-naprugu-sered-rodyn-polonenyh-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/ 
We are currently not only supporting and mental, but also recovery - military psychologist Alona Sidorenko 
Author: ['Анатолій Бальчос']
Time: 2023-06-08T58:00:00-04:00
Description: The warehouses of the warehouse of a large -scale zbro conflak of the Zbereznnya mental healthy ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo_2023-06-08_15-22-15.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'АЛЬОНА СИДОРЕНКО', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 In difficult conditions, the large -scale armed conflict of maintaining the permanent health of servicemen of the defense forces, the whole Ukrainian socialization is one of the priority tasks. About the strategy and methods of providing psychosocial support to the defenders of the Motherland and their families at the time table on "War against our souls. How to keep mental-a-way of servicemen and the whole society ”in the capital Military Mediacenter told Alona Sidorenko- Officer of the Department of Psychological Support Directorate
The war is undoubtedly the most powerful factor that cripples people's souls. Psychological injuries have been treated for decades and are no less severe than physicalness. Combatants, veterans, as well as servicemen who continue to interfere in the area of hostilities require constant professional psychological support. In a complex psycho -emotional state, families of Ukrainian defenders, an all -Ukrainian society, which witnessed numerous war crimes. These and other roundtable issues on preserving the significant health of the Ukrainian nation were the focus of the leading persons in the psychology of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine.
The officer of the Department of Psychological Support Department of Psychological Supporting Main Department of Moral and Psychological Support of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Sidorenkoprely about the MUN MUN Support Program at Rivne Rivne, implemented in 2016. It envisages the preparation of the Armed Forces personnel of the Taraning Ukrainian military skills to provide primary psychological assistance to its brothers.
The officer of the department of psychological support of the management of psychological support of the main management of moral and psychological support of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of Alena Sidorenko dresses to colleagues, representatives of the volunteer community and international partners for their support, which they provide Ukrainian military psychologists.
Foto: Nazar Voloshin 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/my-nyni-zajmayemos-ne-tilky-pidtrymkoyu-i-psyhichnym-suprovodom-a-j-vidnovlennyam-vijskovyj-psyholog-alona-sydorenko/ 
The occupiers were not fully aware 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T59:00:00-04:00
Description: Rosarmiya, Pidrivaychi Damba Kakhovo Hes, did not condemn the vastly named by the Tsoyo ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' ef658bec-a248-45ad-9d08-633a08a3e8f2.jpg ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГУР МОУ', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС', 'РФ ТЕРОРИСТИЧНИЙ РЕЖИМ']
Category: News
 Rosarmia, undermining the Kakhovsky Hydroelectric Prospection Dam, did not realize the full measure of this terrorist act.
On this emphasized Representative of the Main Department of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine Andriy Yusov.
“They could count on other consequences, but the result for the whole world is obvious - it is another terrorist act of Russian invaders. For the secretary, they could not imagine or be aware of the scale, but the fact that these criminal acts were certainly well known to them, ”Andriyus said.
According to him, the purpose of the Muscovites's actions is obvious: to stop and complicate the actions of Ukrainian defenders on the release of temporarily occupied Ukrainian territories in the south of Ukraine.
“Preparation for the terrorist attack actually began: in April last year, a message about the start of the mine, and then this information received new subordination and evidence. Therefore, the enemy replaced the hydroelectric power station and the dam, and eventually the controlled blast. Understanding and fearing the offensive of the Ukrainian forces in this way, the enemy went to this barbaric crime, ”explained the representative of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine, adding that the situation could get out of control for the occupational occupiers.
Andriy Yusov also informed that part of the personnel was given the enemy to the enemy prepared positions for the commission of a terrorist attack, but some occupation units that were on the left bank of the Dnieper were not aware of the Podryvkakhovsky Hydroelectric Power Plant.
“For some occupation units, this information has not been proven because the operation of its criminal consequences. Accordingly, to abandon the origins, as well as there were no people who refuse the tasks, they simply did not inform some, ” - said the representative of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine, stating that at the time of the terrorist attack in the said direction, a small amount of hostile live power reinforced.
The undermining of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station and the departure of the enemy away from the consequences of the katastrophe committed by them, and therefore - away from Kherson, does not mean the threat of shelling.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/okupanty-povnoyu-miroyu-ne-usvidomlyuvaly-masshtabu-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-gur/ 
Mariupol is now twice as high mortality than in Covid-19 peak-Andryushchenko 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T5:39:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:39:00+03:00
Description: The temporarily captured Mariupol has a great increase in mortality among the population. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16805... ']
Tags: ['Маріуполь', 'COVID-19', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The temporarily seized Mariupol has a great increase in mortality.
About it in telegram Petro Andryushchenko reported by Advisor of Mariupol, Ukrinform reports.
"Mariupol mortality for" natural reasons "has crossed 400 people a week this week. In physical numbers, this is 2.6 times more than the pecuniary mortality. Then the marks in 150 deaths were almost reached, ”Andryushchenko notes.
Read also: in two settlements near Mariupol I hear explosions – Andryushchenko At the same time, he noted that if 150 deaths were recorded during the pandemic for 500,000 people, there are now 400 deaths for less than 1,100 thousand.
"If the genocide looks different, I do not know - how," Andryushchenko said.
According to Ukrinform, Russia's aggression has caused one of the most familiar humanitarian catastrophes in Mariupol. The city is almost 90% destroyed in the case.
Read also: [Russians demolished in Mariupol and more(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719337-rosiani-znesli-v-mariupoli-vze-ponad-300-budinkiv-miskrada.html)Currently, there are about 100,000 people in the city. Catastrophically lacquers and medicines, hospitals do not have modern equipment. Medicals are crowded with wounded Russian military, and patients are reflected in civilization in hospitalization.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720038-u-mariupoli-zaraz-udvici-visa-smertnist-niz-u-pik-covid19-andrusenko.html 
28 settlements have been flooded in Kherson region, more than 2150 people evacuated 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T60:00:00-04:00
Description: Nazrai Iz Pidtopolpenikh Vnaslikov Pіdriva Kakhovo Ges district Khersonsko region ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 630_360_1659517663-986.jpg ']
Tags: ['КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС']
Category: News
 Currently, 2,000 154 people have been evacuated from the Kakhovsk Hydroelectric Power Plant of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plast, 120 of them.
About this informs The headquarters of the elimination of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station.
484 people were rescued(28 children of them). Надано психологічну допомогу 188громадянам. Розгорнуто роботу 9 евакуаційних пунктів.
Зазначається, що з початку робіт до Служби порятунку надійшло 801 зверненнявід громадян.
За попередніми даними, всього підтоплено 28 населених пунктів та 3329 будинківна правому березі р. Дніпро.
До ліквідації наслідків залучено близько 1 817 осіб та понад 345 од. техніки,з них від ДСНС — 809 рятувальників та 171 од. техніки, 45 плавзасобів.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/na-hersonshhyni-pidtopleni-28-naselenyh-punktiv-evakujovani-ponad-2150-osib/ 
Consequences of the Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power Plant: 20 settlements have been flooded, nearly 2000 people have been evacuated 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T61:00:00-04:00
Description: Syogodnі, 8 worm, at 08:00 ’pidtopolinich Teritori Evakuyovo 1,995 OSIB, s ... war with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia And when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 3bae923a-81c9b21437e67299a749efc4d15ed98a.jpeg ']
Tags: ['ЕВАКУАЦІЯ НАСЕЛЕННЯ', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС', 'ШТАБ ЛІКВІДАЦІЇ НАСЛІДКІВ ПІДРИВУ']
Category: News
 Today, on June 8, as of 08:00, 1 995 persons were evacuated from the flooded territories, of which 103 are children. 334 people were saved, 15 of them children.
About it reports The headquarters of the elimination of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station by Russian terrorists.
In addition, 168 citizens were provided psychological assistance. The work of 9evacuation points was deployed.
According to preliminary data, 20 settlements and 2 629 buildings on the right bank of the Dnieper River were flooded.
Recall that as of 8:00 is continuing decrease water level. During the day, the level of water in the Kakhovka reservoir decreased by almost a meter.
As informed The headquarters of the elimination of the Kakhovskaya Hydroeon, June 7, 29 settlements were flooded, 19 of them were in Ukraine, and 10 under temporary occupation. Evacuused over 1500 people
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/naslidky-teraktu-na-kahovskij-ges-pidtopleno-20-naselenyh-punktiv-evakujovano-majzhe-2000-osib/ 
Anna Malyar told about the current situation on the front 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T62:00:00-04:00
Description: Intercessor of the Ministan defense of Ukraine Ganna Maryar Rospovil about the situation at a lot, de ... war with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' malyar-1-960x540-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['ГАННА МАЛЯР', 'СИТУАЦІЯ НА ФРОНТІ']
Category: News
 Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Anna Malyar told about the situation of Nanapryamki, where the active actions of our troops are underway, in particular in the east and south of Ukraine.
About this it is referred In her telegram channel.
“On Bakhmutsky the direction of our troops is underway. Fighting continues. The enemy tries to go on the offensive, but unsuccessfully. At Kupyansky, Shakhtarsky directions - the enemy strikes aviation, shelling. At Avdiivsky and Liman the enemy will attempt to step down, but unsuccessfully. On Marinski - Fighting. Our defenders repelled numerous attacks of the enemy in the city of Marinka, causing him significant losses, ”said Anna Malyar.
She added that in the south of Ukraine there are fighting for the Greater Novosilka on Novopavlovsky direction. On Zaporizhzhya direction in the area of the orkhovoroh in active defense.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/ganna-malyar-rozpovila-pro-aktualnu-sytuacziyu-na-fronti/ 
Adjusted the fire at the deployment of the Armed Forces: detained Russian agent 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T63:00:00-04:00
Description: Vikrita Shcherta of one to the thorough of іnformation at the front -line districts of Donechini, Yak Vidslidkovuvaly ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' zavantazhennya-2.jpg ']
Tags: ['АГЕНТ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'КОРИГУВАЛЬНИК ВОГНЮ', 'СБУ']
Category: News
 Another enemy informant in the frontline regions of Donetsk region was exposed, which has been traveled by the routes of moving the forces of the Armed Forces near Slavyansk Ikramatorsk.
About it reports Security Service of Ukraine.
According to the investigation, a 49-year-old resident was detained, and it was made to "cooperation" in December 2022.
As it is noted, the information collected by the person transmitted to the FSB through the Messenger.
"Intelligence was needed by invaders to prepare massive air strikes at the points of defense forces and routes of movement columns," the statement said.
The malefactor was detained during an attempt to transmit closed information to the aggressor.
On the basis of the evidence collected, the security services informed the involvement of proop high. She is now in custody.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/koryguvala-vogon-po-misczyah-dyslokacziyi-zsu-zatrymano-rosijsku-agentku/ 
Since the beginning of a large -scale invasion of "Action" more than 20 electronic services appeared - Denis Shmigal 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T64:00:00-04:00
Description: Ukrainian VID cups of a large -scale invoice launched into the “DIA” gzunki, the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, whether there will be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' ac9d1692d5f828ad1aafc406fcd1877f06b3b092.jpg ']
Tags: ['ДЕНИС ШМИГАЛЬ', 'ДОДАТОК «ДІЯ»', 'ЦИФРОВІЗАЦІЯ']
Category: News
 From the beginning of a large -scale invasion, Ukraine has launched more than 20 new electronic services in the application "Action", in active work - the same amount of this year.
About this Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal reported In the telegram.
According to him, the authorities are also working on the creation of the Government Center in order to remove the supply of functions at ministries. The HRMIS system will also develop, which will improve human resources management in government agencies.
The Prime Minister emphasized that digitalization would affect absolutely all areas.
“Our strategic goal is all top services for business and citizens must be digital. This will radically change the quality of our institutions and remove the space for abuse. And at the same time it will optimize the work of all authorities, ”Denis Shmigal said.
He stressed that an effective digital state is one of the ten government priorities this year. In this context, there are three key areas: digitalization of services for citizens and business, an effective state apparatus that works on modern models, as well as effective management of state property, which provides for the privatization and reform of corporate governance.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnogo-vtorgnennya-u-diyi-zyavylos-ponad-20-elektronnyh-poslug-denys-shmygal/ 
The head of state in Kherson region held a meeting to eliminate the consequences 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T65:00:00-04:00
Description: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, thunder with Robocho by the Hersonskiy ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' zelensky.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВОЛОДИМИР ЗЕЛЕНСЬКИЙ', 'ГЕС', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС', 'ХЕРСОНЩИНА']
Category: News
 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky, while on a working trip to the Uherson region, held a coordination meeting to eliminate the consequences of the healing of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plant.
He reported this in telegram. “Many important issues: the operational situation in the region, which is the result of a disaster, evacuation of the population from potential zones of flooding, elimination of an emergency situation caused by the disorder of the dam, the organization of life -savings of flooded territories. Also, the prospects for the reconstruction of the region and the operational military situation in the zone of man -made katastrophe, ”the head of state emphasized.
According to the President, it is important to calculate the losses and allocate funds for compensation to residents affected by the disaster, and to develop a programmant of compensation for losses or relaxation of enterprises within the Kherson region.
Also in Kherson, Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the crossing, which is avaacing of the population from the flooded territories.
“Our task is to protect life and help people as much as possible. Thank you and volunteers!Thank you all those involved in this work!” -he said.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/glava-derzhavy-na-hersonshhyni-proviv-naradu-z-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/ 
The UN will immediately increase the assistance of the victims from flooding the regions of Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T66:00:00-04:00
Description: Minist of the law enforcement reports of Ukraine Dmitro Kuleb that coordinator of the UN system in Ukrainian ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 1584082516-8668-e1686228548608.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ДМИТРО КУЛЕБА', 'ДОПОМОГА ПАРТНЕРІВ', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС', 'ООН', 'СВІТ ПІДТРИМУЄ УКРАЇНУ']
Category: News
 Foreign Minister of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba and the UNU in Ukraine, the humanitarian coordinator Deniz Brown discussed the strengthening of the UN side assistance to overcome the humanitarian consequences of Russia's terrorist act.
This is stated in statement Foreign Ministry of Ukraine.
According to the results of the meeting, it is agreed that the UN will immediately increase the volume of assistance and send additional forces to Kherson and other victims.
In addition, it has been agreed that the UN will immediately form in Zaporizhzhya and Kherson groups, which will be sent to the occupied territories of the Left Bank for providing humanitarian aid and evacuation of people , provided that safely transportation to the occupied territories from the controlled government of Ukraine.
The Minister assured the UN that Ukraine provides all UN security guarantees to perform humanitarian operations throughout the defeat area.
The parties agreed that the UN units mentioned would go to the affected areas of the occupied territories from our territories as soon as Russia has given access to security guarantees. The United Nations is currently expending the assigned guarantees from the Russian side and access to the occupied territories affected by the Kakhovsky Hydroelectric Dam.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/oon-nevidkladno-zbilshyt-dopomogu-postrazhdalym-vid-zatoplennya-regionam-ukrayiny/ 
Why did the military chaplain take weapons 
Author: ['Яна Задубінна']
Time: 2023-06-08T67:00:00-04:00
Description: - 24 Fierce I Buv on the funeral in the Borispіlsky district, the Tisha ceremonious of the Yaki Overhaw ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war, war With Ukraine in 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' golovna_kapelan.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВІЙСЬКОВІ КАПЕЛАНИ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 - On February 24, I was at a funeral in the Boryspil district, the silence of the ceremony of which I broke up a sudden shelling. And during the evacuation, a girl came to me with scraps: " Father, don't you give me eaten? ” At that moment, I realized that there was another dimension, and in order to be tomorrow, I have to take to the arugula, first of all because I can do it. There are chaplains - administrators of the eagle, but now the time of others - with machine guns, pistols and in the bulletproof vest, which I have since 2014, because I began to go to the war zone even then.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/chomu-vijskovyj-kapelan-vzyav-do-ruk-zbroyu/ 
Kherson region is provided with bactericidal agents for disinfection of drinking water - MOH 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T68:00:00-04:00
Description: On the Pidtopollenic Teriterias of the Khersonshchini, Isnuu Rizik Viniknnia INFTERICHICHICHICH. Svy ... war with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine latest news today, news war with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 630_360_1548842718-832.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС', 'МОЗ УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
In the submerged territories of Kherson region there is a risk of infectious tail. It is a group of acute intestinal infections, including cholera. Unsecurity is associated with the quality of drinking water. After all, the flooding of such objects, as possible, toilets, fields, landfills carry the risk of spreading viral hepatitis, helminthiasis and other acute infectious diseases.
About it reports The Ministry of Health of Ukraine.
“We have enough medicinal diagnostic products to prodiagnost any acute intestinal infections. We do not exclude that the average infectious diseases may occur after water with water. For our part, the appropriate control is increased and everything is done so that such cases do not happen. The health care system is ready for response, ”said Deputy Minister, Chief State Sanitary Doctor Igor Kuzin.
Monitoring and epidemic supervision in the flooded territories carry out specialist of control and prevention of diseases. Currently, 84 groups of specialists in 6 areas for observation and control have been mobilized. In particular, specialists select water from rivers and wells, help with disinfection of wells, which have undergone flooding and inform the population about the ways of prevention of intestinal infections.
In the Kherson and Mykolaiv region, bactericidal tablets have already been redistributed to disinfect drinking water. The stock of bactericidal agents is sufficient for the provision of Kherson region for at least 2 months.
Specialists of the Center for Control and Prevention of Diseases will help the population to disinfect the water and surfaces of the surprised homes that have undergone flooding.
In general, the study of surface reservoirs and drinking water is carried out by several indicators: microbiological and virological, sanitary-chemical(Hardness, salts, minerals, etc.), toxicological(the content of chemicals, poisons), inherently petroleum products or surfactants.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/hersonshhyna-zabezpechena-bakteryczydnymy-zasobamy-dlya-znezarazhennya-pytnoyi-vody-moz/ 
14 employees of one of the fire and rescue units of Donetsk region have been reported 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T69:00:00-04:00
Description: The DBR pratsikhniki in absentia moved about the Pydozra at the Pereniyradi 14 prazikyniks of one ... war with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' povidomleno-pro-pidozru-400x250-7bc.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 The DBR employees informed about suspicion of treason 14 of the person from the fire and rescue units of Donetsk region.
It was found that former employees of one of the fire and rescue units supported the occupation of the city of estuaries of Donetsk region. They collectively switched to the "service" to the so -called "MCS of the DNR", which was in force under the laws of the Russian Federation.
Following the de -occupation of the city, the Liman employees found documents and extracts of the MCS DNR signs, which confirm the service of the persons involved in the Rushists. Samiritators fled with the occupiers.
Former law enforcement officers are suspected of collaboration.
The sanction of the article provides for up to 15 years in prison. Proceduralism is carried out by the Donetsk Regional Prosecutor's Office.
Source: DBR 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-u-derzhzradi-14-praczivnykam-odnogo-z-pozhezhno-ryatuvalnyh-zagoniv-donechchyny/ 
In May, the Ministry of Reintegration transferred 20.8 million hryvnias for financial aid to evacuated displaced persons 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T6:00:00-04:00
Description: Minreintegraziyuvyuvati Groshi on Vipayti people, yaki vihakhaili ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' pereselenczi.jpeg ']
Tags: []
Category: News
 Photo: UNIAN
The Ministry of Reintegration continues to transfer money to paying people who left the anesthetics of Ukraine with evacuation trains. Starting from last novelt by the ministry, the ministry also directs funds for payments to citizens, quality evacoavtobus.
At arrival stations evacuated are received in the mobile branches of Ukrposhtiidal financial assistance from the state. Adults are paid for 2 thousand hryvnias, children and persons with disabilities - UAH 3 thousand.
This is stated in publication on the official website of the Ministry of Reintegration of Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine.
In order to ensure such payments in May, the Ministry of Reintegration was sent to the accounts of Odessa, Zhytomyr, Dnipropetrovsk, Khmelnitsky and Lviv Directorates of Ukraine 20.8 million hryvnias.
The Ministry of Reintegration reminded that evacuation is free of charge. For a previous record, you must contact local authorities.
You can also report to evacuate the 24-hour hot linein reintegration: 15-48. For messages through messengerswhatsapp/Telegram/Viber Actual number:(096)078-84-33.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/u-travni-minreintegracziyi-pererahuvalo-208-mln-gryven-na-groshovu-dopomogu-evakujovanym-pereselenczyam/ 
Cherkasy region shelling: Uman eliminated fires on the site of missile trays 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T6:42:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:42:00+03:00
Description: In Uman of Cherkasy region, fires that arose after rocket attacks by Russian troops were eliminated. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Черкащина', 'Обстріл', 'Пожежа', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Fires that arose after rocket attacks on the side of the Russian troops were eliminated in the Umanicherkassk region.
About it in telegram The Ministry of Internal Affairs reports, Ukrinform reports.
"Uman: Firefighters eliminated fires that arose from rocket strokes," the post reads.
According to law enforcement officers, the premises of the car wash of the industrial facility were destroyed.
Eight people were injured, added to the Ministry of Internal Affairs.
Read also: enemy struck rocket strokes in Kharkiv region Earlier it was reported that Russian invaders struck the rocket stroke In the Uman district of Cherkasy region, eight people were injured, two of them are in serious condition.
Foto: Cherkasy Ova 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720309-obstril-cerkasini-v-umani-likviduvali-pozezi-na-misci-raketnih-vlucan.html 
The Lviv Regional Center for Emergency Medical Aid has transferred humanitarian aid to Kherson region 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T70:00:00-04:00
Description: On the cobs of the large -scale invoice of the Russian Federation, for the rejuvenes of the lion's ov by Lvivsky ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia, and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' photo_2023-06-08_16-59-18.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС']
Category: News
 At the beginning of a large -scale invasion of the Russian Federation, on behalf of the Lviv OVA, the Ulvee Regional Center of Emergency Medical Assistance, they began to form a strategic stock of first need for emergency.
About it reports The headquarters of the elimination of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station by Russian terrorists.
Among humanitarian aid - 450 boxes of individual family kits, which are founded for four people for a week.
Drinking water tanks, detergents and hygiene products, washing powders, diapers, towels, heating products, first need are also transferred(tooth brushes, pastes, etc.), field obstetric kits, antibiotics sets, antifungal drugs and more.
"Traded medicines, first of all, antibiotics needed in the territory where there is no medium -medical infrastructure, where it is flooded, destroyed, and where the situation is a shock at the Kakhovka reservoir has led to problems with infectious control and access to drinking water," - said the director Andriy Vasko medical care.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/lvivskyj-oblasnyj-czentr-ekstrenoyi-medychnoyi-dopomogy-peredav-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-hersonshhyni/ 
Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the victims as a result of the destruction of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T71:00:00-04:00
Description: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, thunder with Robocho by the Hersonskiy ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: []
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВОЛОДИМИР ЗЕЛЕНСЬКИЙ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, while A visit to the Kherson region, visited the evacuation point at Kherson's Basiodny from the medical institutions and talked with people who were affected by the destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station.
He reported In the telegram.
“You are going through this difficult test now. We will help, and we will rebuild everything we need. Thank you and wish you health.
I want to thank all the staff of the medical institution for work even under shelling. You are heroic people, ”the head of state emphasized.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vidvidav-postrazhdalyh-vnaslidok-rujnuvannya-kahovskoyi-ges/ 
That happens at the mouth of the Dnieper - an eyewitness comment 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T72:00:00-04:00
Description: https://youtu.be/u7_auzql6pg at the waters of the Dnіpra, Bilya Khersonsky City Kizomis, ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, Ukrainian News 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and Russia and When the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: []
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
In the waters of the Dnieper, near the Kherson village of Kizomis, the corpses of dead animals and a lot of different dirt began to appear as a result of Kakhovskaya Hins.
A tellinger serviceman of one of the brigades of territorial defense at the pseudo "Grandfather" about the current situation in the village.
“In our area, the water has risen somewhere 15-20 cm. This can lead to congestion on the ducts, which in its turn will prevent a sharp lifting of water. Considering that the ducts were substituted at one time, these traffic jams will also be mines that can explode in any moment and lead to another destruction and death of people, ”-said the Vivkovsky.
A separate problem is the appearance of dead animals and fish in the water. Their bodies have already begun to decompose. In the future, it can lead to environmental catastrophe.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/shho-vidbuvayetsya-u-gyrli-dnipra-komentar-ochevydczya/ 
The impact of the occupiers on residents is rapid 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T73:00:00-04:00
Description: Having filed of the Rosiyska Percens of Admirali on the Timchasovo perpetual Ukrainian ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine will be in 2022 Or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo_2022-12-15_11-20-13.jpg ']
Tags: ['ГАННА МАЛЯР', 'РОСІЙСЬКО-ОКУПАЦІЙНІ ВІЙСЬКА', 'ТОТ']
Category: News
 Deputy Minister of Defense Anna Malyar. Photo by Dmitry Yurchenko.
The influence of Russian occupation administrations in the temporarily occupied territory of Ukraine is rapidly reduced due to their inability to maintain an acceptable level of life support of the local population.
About this Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Anna Malyar wrote In his telegram.
In particular, in a number of temporarily occupied settlements of Zaporizhzhya Icherson regions, local residents demonstrately neglect the orders of ocular administrations and express distrust of Russian propaganda.
According to Anna Malyar, the truthful information about the situation on the front and the loss of the consequences of the Russian occupation is increasing among the citizens, and the number of pro -Ukrainian -minded population is also increasing.
In order to counteract these trends, the command of the Russian occupation troops is held to rigid mass punitive actions.
"Last week, the settlement of Kirillovka of the temporarily occupied territory of Zaporozhye region was surrounded by Russian military, during which total filtration of the local population, a search at the objects of local infrastructure and premises of citizens," - said the Minister of Defense of Ukraine.
She added that the citizens who were collected by the FSB representatives of Russia were collecting information particularly careful inspection(brings)on maintaining industrial positions.
“In most cases, the occupiers were immediately detained and exported for interrogations. Some of them have returned to the places of permanent residence after interrogation, their fate is still unknown, ”her post reads.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/vplyv-okupantiv-na-zhyteliv-tot-strimko-znyzhuyetsya-vony-vdayutsya-do-karalnyh-akczij-ganna-malyar/ 
26 combat clashes took place in the directions of the main effort of the enemy 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T74:00:00-04:00
Description: Rosіyska federals PID Hour Vinasta Ignoru, Miversity, Humanitarian Law, ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 7-18.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
During the war, the Russian Federation completely ignores the international humanitarian law, continues to apply terror tactics and creates catastrophicism in Ukraine.
During the day, the enemy struck 1 missile and 27 aviation strikes, made 30 shelling from the rocket launchers of the volley fire on the positions of our military and settlements.
The likelihood of missile and aviation strikes throughout Ukraine is very high.
The enemy concentrates major efforts on the Liman, Bakhmut, Avdi and Marinsky directions, and heavy battles continue for every square meter. During this day, 26 combat junctions occurred in the front areas of the front.
Source: _ GSZSU _
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/na-napryamkah-osnovnyh-zusyl-voroga-vidbulos-26-bojovyh-zitknen/ 
The occupiers staged Kherson's shelling during the evacuation of civilians 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T75:00:00-04:00
Description: Вдень, 8 червня, російські військові злочинці відкрили вогонь по місту Херсон. Це сталося... Война с Украиной 2022, Война с Украиной последние новости сегодня, Новости война с Украиной 2022 последние на сегодня, Будет ли война между Украиной и Россией и когда, Война с Украиной в 2022 году будет или нет, Будет ли война с Украиной в ближайшее время что говорят, Война с Украиной новости, Новости Украины сегодня, Украинские новости в украинских СМИ на русском
Images: [' twitter_fygkyuhwiairi5x.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'ВОРОЖІ ОБСТРІЛИ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС']
Category: News
 Photo illustrative. Stasurchenko, lattice
On the day, June 8, Russian war criminals opened fire in the city of Kherson. This happened during the evacuation of the civilian population from the flooded settlements after the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station.
About it reports Information channels of elimination of the consequences of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station.
At least three victims are now known about the **: a civilian, a police officer and a rescuer. Everyone is provided with the necessary help.
"The shelling began during the evacuation of citizens whose dwellings were submerged," - said at the headquarters the consequences of the blasting of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station.
According to the updated information , eight people were injured in the shipment of the ship area. The information about the victims did not receive, the victim is provided with medical assistance.
We will remind, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, while A visit to the Kherson region, held a coordination meeting on the treatment of the consequences of the blast of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plant.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/okupanty-vlashtuvaly-obstril-hersona-pid-chas-evakuacziyi-czyvilnyh/ 
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 20 beats across the enemy 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T76:00:00-04:00
Description: The cape of the Ukrainian defense was proved by the head of the Avieanii punching on the thorough. About the work ... war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the war with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' avicziya_udar-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ']
Category: News
 Ukrainian SU-25. Illustrative photo
The Defense Forces of Ukraine during the day caused 20 aviation blows to the enemy.
About it reports HSF.
“Aviation of defense forces per day made 18 beats in the areas of concentration of personal staff and 2 on the enemy's anti-aircraft missile complexes. The unit and artillery units and artillery were struck by 5 management points, 6 districts of concentration of live power, weapons and military equipment, 2 anti-aircraft missile complexes, 8 artillery units in fire positions and 2 more important objects of the enemy, ”the message reads.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-20-udariv-po-vorogu/ 
This look now has the Kakhovskaya Hydroe Background blown up by the Russians 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T77:00:00-04:00
Description: Kakhovska Ges I flooded the villages of Pislya ї Pіdriva Rosiyans showed with Vysoti Ptashino ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, War with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: []
Tags: ['КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС']
Category: News
Kakhovsk hydroelectric power plants and flooded villages after its blasting by the Russians were shown from the height of the light.
Dron with a video Posted Staffing of the consequences of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station.
It should be noted that in the afternoon of June 8, Russian military criminals opened the fire of the Kherson expensive . Це сталося під час евакуаціїмирного населення із підтоплених населених пунктів після підриву КаховськоїГЕС. Наразі відомо про щонайменше трьох потерпілих : цивільну жінку,поліцейського та рятувальника. Усім надається необхідна допомога.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/tak-vyglyadaye-zaraz-pidirvana-rosiyanamy-kahovska-ges/ 
Mines and unused ammunition have already been recorded in the sea in Odesa region 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T78:00:00-04:00
Description: The head of the dressing of the Oleg Oleg Oleg Kikeper, having fought to Mashkantsiw ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 3fffabc8-e9a4aeac9b90e09db19c93db22ab0087.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
Oleg Kiper, the head of the Odessa Regional Military Administration, Oleg Kiper appealed to the Odessa region's housekeeps on the consequences of the destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station.
About this Odesa Ova reports In the telegram.
“Through a terrorist attack on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, large garbage and debris came from the Dnieper. In the waters of the sea, mines and unused ammunition, wreckage of buildings and trees were found in the coast of Odesa region.
All services work to eliminate the consequences of another crime of the Russian Federation. The situation of the water region is fully controlled, ”the message reads.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/u-akvatoriyi-morya-na-odeshhyny-vzhe-zafiksovani-miny-ta-nevykorystani-boyeprypasy-ova/ 
Sergei Cherevaty about the defense of Bakhmut: thanks to the successful operation of the defense force eliminated 81 thousand "Wagner" 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T79:00:00-04:00
Description: The worship of the Utility Assumption Operational Ukrainian Vonya Zmoliyu Vyttimi Ta ... war with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last ones for Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' cherevatyj-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['БОЇ ЗА БАХМУТ', 'ОБОРОНА', 'СИТУАЦІЯ НА СХОДІ']
Category: News
 It was thanks to the successful defense operation that Ukrainian soldiers were able to neutralize and wounded at least 81,000 Wagner fighters.
As noted Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine, a spokesman for the Eastern Grouping of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Sergiyerievaty told about it.
He also said that the order to organize the defense of Bakhmut was signed by July 2022.
“During the battles for Lisichansk and Severodonetsk, the Luhansk region, the Armed Forces had already prepared a operation to defense Bakhmut. The order on the organization of defense of Bakhmutubuv was signed in July 2022. In July, the Bakhmut defense preparation was formed and signed, ”the post reads.
The external and internal defense of the city, boundaries were also created. Trenches, fortifications were erected in the city, fortifications were built and the territory was replaced. Trench systems were involved in the training, which numbered almost 20 thousand meters. There were also many places for fire and other structures.
Sergey Cherevaty noted that units of defense forces, border service, regional military administrations were involved for this purpose.
“It was these things that were given in complex, plus used by our military engineers of the mine system. More than 5 thousand mines were installed. In addition, many barbed means were prepared: barbed wires more than 15 thousand meters, ”he emphasized.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/sergij-cherevatyj-pro-oboronu-bahmuta-zavdyaky-uspishnij-operacziyi-syly-oborony-likviduvaly-81-tysyachu-vagnerivcziv/ 
The "Want to Live" project receives more than three thousand applications from the Russian military - GUR 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T7:46:40+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:46:40+03:00
Description: The only center for receiving appeals from the Russian Federation's military personnel to capture "I want to live" receives more than 3,000 applications from Russian servicemen every month. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16746... ']
Tags: ['Міноборони', 'Розвідка', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Unified Center for Receiving Appeals from the Russian Federation Servicemen on the delivery of Vpolon "I want to live" receives more than 3 thousand applications from Russian military servicemen on a monthly basis.
The representative of the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine Yusov told in interview with "Ukrainian Truth" , reports Ukrinform.
"More than 3,000 applications we receive steadily a month from Russian military servicemen who would like to take advantage of this project.
Read also: [From the beginning of the war Russia has made more(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720279-z-pocatku-vijni-rosia-vcinila-ponad-desat-sprob-zamahu-na-budanova-gur.html)Every such appeal is an individual special operation, difficult to implement, "he summarized.
Yusov emphasized that the account of those who have already been brought out "goes on hundreds." At the same time, in words, cases where the military surrenders with the equipment, quite many - dozens.
Read also: to Russians it is not always important for what purpose will be a hit - yus “I want to live” - a state project designed to help servicemen with RFFRAPRAPHY CONTRACT. And also on the site of the project.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720308-proekt-hocu-zit-somisaca-otrimue-ponad-tri-tisaci-zaavok-vid-rosijskih-vijskovih-gur.html 
Ukraine creates history and protects the whole of Europe - Valdemaras Sarappinas 
Author: ['Віктор АНУФРЄІВ']
Time: 2023-06-08T80:00:00-04:00
Description: About the house in the online overshodimized the overshrow of the I Hasteful Ambassador of Lithuania ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 1-8-1.jpg ', ' 2-13-1.jpg ', ' 3-10-1.jpg ', ' 5-6-1.jpg ', ' 4-6-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВАЛЬДЕМАРАС САРАПІНАС', 'ЛИТОВСЬКА РЕСПУБЛІКА']
Category: News
 This was announced in online expertise by the Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Valdemaras Sarappinas during the IV Cossack Military-Historical Conference, which took place today. It was organized by representatives of the Ukrainian Cossack Movement to the Verkro -Russian aggressors and occupiers, the International Congress of Ukrainian Cossacks, the Melitopol State Pedagogical University named after B. Khmelnitsky Zaporizhzhya Regional Universal Scientific Library.
 - The Russian Empire wants to pick up and enslave Ukraine again, firing its city, killing its inhabitants and kicking children. Especially many of these cases are in Zaporizhzhya region. I express my respect and admiration for the armed forces and the people of Ukraine, your unity and heroism in front of the hypocritical aggression. You create a story. You defended not only Kiev, Kharkiv, Zaporozhye and other cities of Ukraine from the occupier, but also forced the aggressor to retreat, undermining bridges and dams and threatening the world with famine and nuclear weapons. By protecting Ukraine, you protect Europe, Ukraine will win - we will win, " participants of the conference Lithuanian Ambassador.
 During the event, scientists, historians, representatives of the Ukrainian Cossacks, TAGOSKIVE figures mentioned the great victories of the prominent Ukrainian commander-in-law Konstantin Ostrozky in the Lithuanian-Moscow wars, in particular the killing near Orsha.
 Acting Chairman of Zaporizhzhia Anatoliy Kurtov during the event reported that a working group has already been created to implement a program of development of coincidence in the regional center.
 Dmitry Sukhinin also reported that today, like 500 years ago, Ukrainian army and people are actively opposed to the terrorist imperialism of the Russians, enriching the support of the civilized world. And this event was held in support of the e-Atlantic integration and in compliance with the requirements of state strategies of information security and national-patriotic education of youth of Ukraine.
Opto author 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/ukrayina-tvoryt-istoriyu-ta-zahyshhaye-vsyu-yevropu-valdemaras-sarapinas/ 
The Russian Federation blocks access to the maintenance of Ukrainian defenders in captivity - Coordination Headquarters 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T81:00:00-04:00
Description: At the coordinating headquarters of the online-sustrach, the Rodinam of the Rodin brigades of the operational ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' ksh3-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВІЙСЬКОВОПОЛОНЕНІ', 'КООРДИНАЦІЙНИЙ ШТАБ З ПИТАНЬ ПОВОДЖЕННЯ З ВІЙСЬКОВОПОЛОНЕНИМИ']
Category: News
 The coordination headquarters took place an online meeting with the unification of families of brigadioperative purpose named after Hero of Ukraine Lieutenant Bohdan Zavada. The degeneration of prisoners and missing people of the National Guard communicated a representative of the Coordination Staff.
About it reports Coordination headquarters of inquiries for the treatment of prisoners of war.
The staff representative noted that all defenders and defenders were included in the unified register of defenders of the National Information Bureau. The category of accounting of a serviceman is a missing person, unconfirmed captivity or captivity, confirmed by the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation through the International Committee of the Red Cross - has no direct influential on the exchange processes.
As for the visit of prisoners of war, the representative of the Staff noted that the relevant mandate for this is the mission of the International Committee of the Red Cross. However, such visits can only occur with the consent of the country that holds prisoners. Information about the places of freedom that the ICCH representers visited is not disclosed. Unfortunately, the aggressor country blocks a significant number of detention places that are located in its territory, which is temporarily occupied by Ukrainian territories, which is a violation of the normally humanitarian law.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/rf-blokuye-dostup-do-miscz-utrymannya-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-u-poloni-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/ 
Our troops perform counter -attacks in the Bakhmut direction - Sergey Cherevaty 
Author: ['Григорій Мазур']
Time: 2023-06-08T82:00:00-04:00
Description: Close to the MIST BAKHMUT PID EXTENCE OF EVENTED OF THE OF THE WARRISENSIKI PIDRODILILE VERSED ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Last news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' cherevatyj-bahmut-2.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'БАХМУТ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'СЕРГІЙ ЧЕРЕВАТИЙ']
Category: News
 Colonel Sergey Cherevaty. Collage Armyinform
Near the city of Bakhmut, during the offensive actions, Ukrainian units went forward for 1600 meters. The enemy suffered significant losses from our defense, but resists and actively applies artillery fire. Colonel Sergey Cherevaty, a spokesman for the East Group of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine reported.
At the request of the journalists of the "only news" the officer told how the defense of Bakhmut began.
In particular, in July 2022 the plan was approved and the appropriate order of defense of the city was issued. For this purpose, more than 20,000 meters of trenches of tiocopes were dug, 15,000 meters of barbed wire barrels, which is more than 5 thousand mines installed.
Thanks to the joint efforts of the military and local authorities, 118 pretty metal barriers "Hedge" and 130 gabion barriers - metallic nets with stones were established. Therefore, the external and internal boundaries of the city were created.
According to Sergei Cherevatov, the complex of all these and other measures gave the most possible troops to conduct the defense of the city for such a long time. Despite the great concentration of hostile forces, the occupiers still have not been fully taken by Zabakhmut.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-tryvayut-kontratakuvalni-diyi-nashyh-vijsk-sergij-cherevatyj/ 
Belgium will provide Ukraine with emergency generators to overcome the consequences of the destruction of Kakhovka hydroelectric power station 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T83:00:00-04:00
Description: The Ministryki of the Yenergartics of the UNERGETICA KERAN GALUSHCHENKO TAMENKO TAMA Minista, the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine, the latest news today, the war with Ukraine 2022, the last ones for Ukraine and Russia, and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' img-20230608-wa0007-e1686233067676.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ДОПОМОГА ПАРТНЕРІВ', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС', 'СВІТ ПІДТРИМУЄ УКРАЇНУ']
Category: News
 Such an agreement was reached(OECD -OECD).
Про це повідомляє Ministry of Energy Energy of Ukraine.
Tina Van der Straten expressed full support for Ukraine and sympathy for the Ukrainian people about the tragedy. "In the near future, the Belgian government will accite the decision to redistribute funds to assist Ukraine with a cop with the undermining of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station and its flood," - said. In turn, Herman Galushchenko thanked the Belgian colleague for the constant care of Ukraine and strong support for the energy sector.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/belgiya-nadast-ukrayini-avarijni-generatory-dlya-podolannya-naslidkiv-znyshhennya-kahovskoyi-ges/ 
Dmytro Kuleba: NATO will help Ukraine overcome the consequences 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T84:00:00-04:00
Description: Ukrainian has handed over to the list of Terminovich of Humanitarians to consume for Podolonni Namylidkiv ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 58c3ea7-99dff89-imgonline-com-ua-resize-n8sciugwd5ogyvf.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ДМИТРО КУЛЕБА', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС', 'НАТО', 'СВІТ ПІДТРИМУЄ УКРАЇНУ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
Ukraine has submitted a list of urgent humanitarian needs for the overcoming of the consequences of the Dam to the Kakhovska Hydroe Dam and in the near future as part of the Euro -Atlantic Response Coordination Center.
This was discussed during the participation of the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine Dmitry Kulebu as an urgent meeting of the Commission of Ukraine - NATO, which was convened by the Ukrainian side.
“Ukraine has submitted to the Euro -Atlantic Coordination Center for Response Agricultural Disaster and Catastrophe, which outlined the specific needs of the Ukrainian page. I am grateful to NATO and individual allies for their rapid readiness to help Ukraine to overcome the consequences of Russia's terrorist attack at the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, ”the minister said.
Dmytro Kuleba emphasized that the Kakhovska catastrophe demonstrates the absence of female limits in Russia's commission. According to him, as long as Russia occupies Ukrainian land, the threat of new Russian crimes will remain. That is why the help of NATO Allies for the release of the entire world of Ukraine is important.
"I urge partners to further strengthen Ukraine's defense capability, in particular to continue the supply of artillery ammunition and gun155-caliber as soon as possible," the minister stressed.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine also urged partners to approve NATO summit in Vilniusia, which would bring Ukraine closer to the Alliance. In his opinion, NATO membership of Ukraine benefits the Alliance, as Ukraine today makes significant harsh in Euro -Atlantic security, operates according to NATO standards and uses weapons.
“Ukraine's membership will help prevent future wars after this war is victory for our country. Ukraine in the Alliance will be a reliable downt that will protect its eastern flank and be able to restrain the potential aggressor effectively. There is no doubt that Ukraine's membership will make it more darkened. In fact, we are already strengthening the Alliance, protecting its members of recreational new waves of Russian aggression, as well as sharing military consciousness, ”Dmytro Kuleba stressed.
Source: MZS of Ukraine 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/dmytro-kuleba-nato-dopomozhe-ukrayini-podolaty-naslidky-rosijskogo-teraktu-na-kahovskij-ges/ 
9 people were injured as a result of shelling by Kherson Russians 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T85:00:00-04:00
Description: 8 Chervnya Rosiyski Vіsyskovi firing the regional center of the popes at Khersonsky ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' mceu-86807593511686229969601.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ХЕРСОН']
Category: News
 On June 8, the Russian military fired the regional center and settlements of the Ucheron district. There are injured and damaged objects of civil infrastructure.
About it reports Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine.
"As a result of the shelling of the ship area, during the evacuation, 9 adults were injured, there are no dead, the victim is provided with a medical assistance," the statement said.
Among the wounded three employees of the Ministry of Internal Affairs: a diver-sapper and a driver-sapper of Zmikolaiv region and a police officer.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/9-osib-otrymaly-poranennya-vnaslidok-obstrilu-rosiyanamy-hersonu/ 
The government has changed a list of charitable assistance that is not taxed 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T86:00:00-04:00
Description: RISSHENNIM WID 2 worms 2023 Kobіt Kabіnet Min) Ukrainian Sniz Zmіni at the appendages ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, War with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' whatsapp-image-2023-06-08-at-15.11.08.jpeg ']
Tags: ['КАБМІН']
Category: News
 The Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine made a decision of June 2, 2023 changes In app Government Absories of February 24, 2016 No. 112 “On Approval(works, services).(cost)charitable assistance for procurement or in the form of which is not included in the taxable income of tax payers on income of individuals. " New positions are being made to the above list:
From now on, such charitable assistance is not included in the taxable income of payers on personal income.
_ Prepared Lesia Medvedenko_
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/uryad-zminyv-perelik-blagodijnoyi-dopomogy-shho-ne-opodatkovuyetsya/ 
General Staff: Russians create a "live shield" from evacuated residents of temporarily occupied Kherson region 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T87:00:00-04:00
Description: At the settlements of Timchasovo, the Teritor Kherson -Rosіyskіki Porpanti ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 01000000-c0a8-0242-5af7-08db4c956cc4_w1597_n_r0_st_s.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
In the settlements of the temporarily captured territory of the Kherson region, Russian invaders continue to use the consequences of their crime in their purposes. In particular, people who were evacuated from flooded populated areas are displaced in boarding houses and recreation centers, where the Ukrainian units are already located. Thus, the invaders try to protect themselves, hiding themselves in the civilian population.
Also, according to available information, the Russian military leadership has significant problems with the material support of their troops. Soldiers who have differently signed a contract in military units stationed in Mystovlgograd, issued boots instead of boots with high berets. In addition, contractors are forced to buy a military uniform at their own expense.
Source: GSZSU 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/genshtab-rosiyany-stvoryuyut-zhyvyj-shhyt-z-evakujovanyh-meshkancziv-hersonshhyny/ 
About two thousand people and 350 pieces of equipment were involved in the elimination of the consequences 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T88:00:00-04:00
Description: Z PIDTOPLENICH TERITERIA EVAKUII 2339 OSIB (bm them 120). About Tse Doldomlya ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be war With Ukraine, in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' imagetools0.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ДСНС УКРАЇНИ', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС']
Category: News
 2339 people were evacuated from flooded territories(of them 120 children).
Про це повідомляє SES.
🟡 563 people have been rescued(28 children of them). Надано психологічну допомогу 201людині. Розгорнуто роботу 9 евакуаційних пунктів. З початку робіт до Службипорятунку надійшло 856 звернень від громадян.
🟡 За попередньою інформацією, всього підтоплено 32 населені пункти та 3625будинків на правому березі Дніпра.
🟡 До ліквідації наслідків залучено близько 1 817 осіб та понад 345 од.техніки, з них від ДСНС — 809 рятувальників та 171 од. техніки, 45плавзасобів.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/operatyvna-informacziya-shhodo-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/ 
The Cabinet of Ministers has approved the creation of an interagency working group on securing a security environment in Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T89:00:00-04:00
Description: Kabіnet Min) Ustrofing the production of the stimen of the Mizhvydochiy Group z ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, there will be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' kabmin.jpg ']
Tags: ['КАБІНЕТ МІНІСТРІВ УКРАЇНИ', 'КАБМІН', 'МІЖВІДОМЧА РОБОЧА ГРУПА З ПИТАНЬ ЗАБЕЗПЕЧЕННЯ БЕЗПЕКОВОГО СЕРЕДОВИЩА В УКРАЇНІ', 'ПОСТАНОВА КМУ №539']
Category: News
 The Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine approved a resolution on the creation of an interagency work group on securing a security environment in Ukraine(Further –miscognition working group).
Основними завданнями Міжвідомчої робочої групи є сприяння забезпеченнюкоординації дій органів державної влади щодо забезпечення протидії загрозам вусіх сферах суспільного життя держави. Зокрема, у сфері громадської безпеки йпорядку, пожежної та техногенної безпеки, воєнної безпеки, інформаційноїбезпеки, безпеки освітнього середовища, енергетичної безпеки, кібербезпеки,економічної та фінансової безпеки, екологічної безпеки, безпеки лікарськихзасобів, безпеки на транспорті під час війни та у післявоєнний період.
Також, у положенні до Постанови йдеться, що Міжвідомча робоча група, яка єконсультативно-дорадчим органом Кабміну, здійснюватиме підготовку пропозиційщодо створення та функціонування безпекового середовища в Україні. Визначатимешляхи, механізми та способи розв’язання проблемних питань у сфері безпековогосередовища, що виникають під час реалізації державної політики.
Крім того, її завданням буде підвищення ефективності діяльності центральних імісцевих органів виконавчої влади із зазначених питань та удосконаленнянормативно-правової бази з питань забезпечення безпекового середовища вУкраїні.
У сфері створення та функціонування безпекового середовища Міжвідомча робочагрупа відповідно до покладених на неї завдань проводитиме:
As well as representatives of the Verkhovna Rada, the National Anti -Corruption Bureau, the Security Service of Ukraine, the Prosecutor General's Office, the State Bureau of Investigation, the Radinational Security and Defense of Ukraine, a representative of the National Agency for Corruption Prevention Agency(by agreement), Management of legal servicemen, police officers, veterans and other persons to the Department of Staffing in Sector of Defense and Veterans' Rights of Ivian Servicemen, captives and members of their families(by agreement)and other.
With full composition The commissions can be found at the link.
The Interagency Working Group has the right to receive in due course central and local executive bodies, local governments, enterprises, institutions and organizations information necessary for the fulfillment of the tasks assigned to it. Involve in their work representatives of central and local executive bodies, local self -government bodies, enterprises, institutions and organizations(With the agreement of their leaders), as well as independent experts, to form a permanent or temporary working groups if necessary.
The official composition of the interagency working group is approved by the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine. The Minister of Internal Affairs is the chairman of the Interagency Working Group.
_ CMU Station No. 539 , from May 12 2023._
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/kabmin-zatverdyv-stvorennya-mizhvidomchoyi-robochoyi-grupy-z-pytan-zabezpechennya-bezpekovogo-seredovyshha-v-ukrayini/ 
30 combat clashes took place over the past day 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T8:00:00-04:00
Description: Opponent of the same Zoedzhu, the main Zuill at the test of the best of the pay of Luhansko ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' zitknennya.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГЕНЕРАЛЬНИЙ ШТАБ ЗС УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
The enemy continues to focus the main efforts on attempts by full occupation of the Luhansk and Donetsk regions. During the last day, 30 fighting occurred.
About it in your morning summary reports General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
Over the past day, the enemy was unsuccessful offensive actions at the Liman Napryamka in the Cheesely Donetsk region and Bakhmutsky-in the district of Nahorehovo-Vasylivka, Ivanovo and North.
In the Avdeevsky direction, the enemy made an unsuccessful attempt at the offensive in the direction of Avdiivka and Pervomaisk.
In the Mariinsky direction, our defenders repelled numerous enemy attacks in the city of Marinka, causing him significant losses.
In Zaporizhzhya and Kherson directions, the enemy continues to defend.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-vidbulos-30-bojovyh-zitknen/ 
Almost 16,000 people can evacuate from the Kherson Right Bank 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-08T8:56:12+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-08T22:56:12+03:00
Description: If water will rise in the future as a result of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plant, almost 16,000 inhabitants will have to be evacuated from the Kherson region. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Евакуація', 'Херсонщина', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 If the kakhovsky hydroelectric power station is undergoing a result of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plant, nearly 16,000 inhabitants will have to be evacuated from the Right Bank.
About it in TEMACHONFON EVER The Chief of Kherson Ova Alexander Proudin told "Unin", reports.
“Today, 559 people from dangerous territories were evacuated by volunteers, rescuers and police. 2334 residents of the region have already been exported. Most of all, the Swamp of the ship in Kherson, from which 1765 Kherson was rescued. According to preliminary calculations, about 16,000 people will have to evacuate from the flood zone on the Right Bank, if the water will continue to disseminate, ”said Propkudin.
Read also: Kherson Ova opened a "hotline" to assist the survey According to him, in the morning, the average flood was at 5.61 m, anaragas 5.58 m.
“600 square meters flooded. km of Kherson region, of which 32% are the Right Bank, and 68% is this timely occupied our left bank. 28 populated points were flooded on the Right Bank. Previously, 3,500 houses were affected by Kakhovsky and Beryslav districts, ”Proudin added.
Read also: [from flooding zone in Kherson region Evak 2339 people have already been expected]](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720214-iz-zoni-pidtoplenna-na-hersonsini-evakuuvali-vze-2-334-ludini.html)As reported by Ukrinform, Russian troops made under June 6, the Podvikakhov Hydroelectric Power Plant . In this regard, there are risks to underwent energy in the Kherson region, in particular the Kherson TEPs. The evacuation of the population from potential flood areas is covered.
Photo: SES
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720311-iz-pravoberezza-hersonsini-mozut-evakuuvati-majze-16-tisac-ludej.html 
Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine met with a delegation of the United States of America 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T90:00:00-04:00
Description: Intercessors of the Ministan defense of Ukraine Volodymyr Gavrilov that Vitali Deinega near Kiwi ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' d0d6aa9b8fce592d0feb2232a116f54a092522b3.jpg ']
Tags: []
Category: News
 Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Volodymyr Gavrilov and Vitaliy Deynega UKIEV met with a delegation of representatives of the defense and mining industry(USA)He was headed by Ms. Linnie Smith's defense-industrial-industrial-alienation.
Current issues of bilateral cooperation and long -term spectations of cooperation in the defense sphere were discussed.
Representatives of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine thanked the foreign delegates for the visit of the TAVLIGHT SUPPLY SUPPORT OF Our State by the United States of America during the continued full -scale war of the Russian Federation.
The deputies of the head of the defense department outlined the urgent needs of the Armed Forces of Ukraine to increase their capabilities and effective reflection of the armed aggression of the Russian Federation.
The American delegation expressed their willingness to support Ukraine and a certificate of solidarity with the Ukrainian people.
The parties emphasized the importance of further intensification of cooperation with the implementation of joint projects to strengthen Ukraine's defense.
Source: __ Ministry of Defense of Ukraine_ 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/zastupnyky-ministra-oborony-ukrayiny-zustrilysya-z-delegacziyeyu-spoluchenyh-shtativ-ameryky/ 
The leadership of the Kherson Regional State Administration appealed to the Ukrainians for help 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T91:00:00-04:00
Description: Kerivnitsta Khersonsko Oda ate to Ukrainians in the pre -post for Likvidatsi Namylidkiv ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, War with Ukraine 2022 Last for Ukraine and Russia, and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo_2023-06-08_20-35-47.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС']
Category: News
 The leadership of the Kherson Regional State Administration appealed to the Ukrainians for help to eliminate the consequences of blasting the occupants of the Dams of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plant.
Appropriate appeal The Kherson Oda wrote in a telegram.
“And we are grateful to everyone who rushed for salvation. Who sheltered the residents of the Khierson region. But our great work is ongoing. So let's consolidate our efforts, ”the address reads.
At the initiative of the Kherson Ova, the Kherson Community Community Foundation "Protection" organized a free departure of humanitarian aid, which would be able to enter the region.
According to the link - list things that are first and foremost needed to eliminate the effects of the disaster and support the victims.
Please only send what is in the list. About the rest - already cared administration and volunteers.
Separate appeal to enterprises. If possible, provide the technique. Here list What is needed.
They looked at the list. Have not found what they are ready to share, but are sure that things will be needed? Complete form And we will contact you with a polephone to the call center for the organization of charitable assistance: 0800 101 102.
If you can help, send the necessary things to the following address: Kherson, New Mail Branch # 1. Tel: 050-525-80-56, shatilova Natalia(the recipient's contact, not for calls)_
_ Important!And indicate that sending at the expense of the recipient._
We have repeatedly shown the world how incredible Ukrainians are. And we know that and now you will not stay away from the tragedy of Kherson region. It is our commonabid. And together we can overcome everything.
Don't have anything you need? But you want to support us?
You can dodate the Kherson Community Community Foundation "Protection", which works within the "Save together!Kherson. Details - at link .
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/kerivnycztvo-hersonskoyi-oda-zvernulosya-do-ukrayincziv-po-dopomogu/ 
In the Odessa of the Russian propagandist was sentenced to 10 years in prison 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T92:00:00-04:00
Description: For the Piditrimanni of the Pulny accusations by the prosecutors of the Damn prosecutors ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine will be either in 2022 No, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: []
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
The prosecutors of the Odessa Regional Prosecutor's Office of the Dnieper native of the Dnieper were found guilty of assisting a terrorist act. He was sentenced to 10 years of deprivation.
About it reports Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine.
The prosecutor in court proved that at the beginning of 2014, a man, being a supporter of Antimaidan, and disagreeing with the ideas of the Revolution of Dignity, left a residence in Russia. There he developed a further plan for the destabilization of the confidence in Ukraine and the creation of the so -called "Novorossiysk".
In April-June 2014, he recruited two residents of Odessa to commit terracts in the city. In particular, undermining the buildings of military commissariats, ATMs and Branches of PrivatBank, property of Roshen, PJSC “Odessa User Plant”, State Enterprise “Odessa Regional Radio Television Center” and the Odessa Branch of the National Television Company of Ukraine.
At the task of the curator, the performers made photo-video fixation of the administrative building of the military commissariats, searching for explosives and devices for the study of explosions and arson.
In order to prepare for sabotage and terrorist actions in Odessa, they executed monetary rewards and laptops and flash drives with software for creating cryptographically encrypted compounds.
Thanks to operational measures, law enforcement officers warned the criminal activity of the groups.
Special pre -trial investigation was carried out by the SBU management in the Odessa region.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/na-odeshhyni-rosijskogo-propagandysta-zasudzheno-do-10-rokiv-pozbavlennya-voli/ 
Crimean collaborator - Commander of the Marine Corps of the Russian Federation reported suspicion of murder of 7 civilians 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T93:00:00-04:00
Description: For the proprietary Kerivnitvva of the Kherson -Oblast Prosecutors, in absentia, in absentia, the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news of the war with Ukraine 2022 last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine will be in 2022 Or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' zobrazhennya-whatsapp-data-2023-06-08-o-162025.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 Under the procedural leadership of the Kherson Regional Prosecutor's Office, it was reported in absentia of the suspicion of the commander of the Marine Corps of the Black Sea Flot of the Navy of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation in the State Trease and violation of the laws and customs of war.
According to the investigation, in 2014 after occupation by Russian troops of the Crimean of Ukraine voluntarily moved to the side of the enemy, received the citizenship of RFTT joined the ranks of the Armed Forces of the state-aggressor.
Since March 2022, the suspect, together with his subordinates of the RFF, has been occupied by the settlements of Kherson region. At the captured, he organized and controlled the processes related to the suppression of the local population to implement the occupation policy of the Tasing of Ukrainian citizens before cooperation, and the implementation of filtration measures and more.
In April 2022, being in the village. True, together with the accomplices, the sub -seated detained the employees of the company who guarded the units near the serane -wearing units, as well as a minor girl. Six men of Tadivchyna were brought to a private house, where they were applied to them physical and shot. After that, the invaders undermined the house with killed.
In November, after the dismissal of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces, prosecutors of the Prosecutor's Office of the Kherson region together with investigators of the police and experts conducted exhumation and inspection of the bodies of the dead in this house.
The inspection identified signs of violent death. Some of them are the harvesting of skulls as a result of bullet wounds. The wrists still have ropes.
The pre -trial investigation is carried out by the SUNP in the Kherson region.
Measures are being taken to establish other persons from the military involved in crimes against civilians.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/krymskomu-kolaborantu-komandyru-pidrozdilu-morskoyi-pihoty-chornomorskogo-flotu-vmf-rf-povidomleno-pidozru-za-vbyvstvo-7-czyvilnyh/ 
Usaid will provide financial assistance to Ukrainians affected by Kakhovsk Hydroelectric Power for 3 months 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T94:00:00-04:00
Description: Lenger Kllokokh Pislya Ruinvannya Dambi Kakhovko Ges, a USAID W. ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 352091711_1435416843949769_2469806033592754455_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС', 'СВІТ ПІДТРИМУЄ УКРАЇНУ']
Category: News
 Within a few hours after the destruction of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Dam, the USAID Communitarian and Extraordinary Response Teams began mobilizing resources to organize evacuation and provide humanitarian assistance to people affected by the flood.
About this USAID UKRAINE reports On Facebook.
“22 500,000 UAH(Approximately $ 608,000)More than 1,000 households affected by floods have been wandering. Each farm will receive UAH 2,200($ 60)per person for three months, in total, up to five people per household in the victims, ”the United States Agency for International Development said in a message(USAID).
Зазначається, що аварійні та гуманітарні групи Агенції в Україні у перші жгодини після підриву Каховської ГЕС розпочали надавати негайну допомогу вевакуації та гуманітарну допомогу цивільним.
Так, понад 14 тисяч людей у постраждалих районах були забезпечені питноюводою, понад 7 тисяч людей у Херсоні та Миколаєві отримали гарячі обіди. Дляпідтримки рятувальних операцій на воді та розподілу екстреної допомоги булонадано понад 10 тисяч літрів пального, а для забезпечення евакуації цивільних— пасажирські автобуси.
«Міжнародні неурядові організації-партнери надають грошову допомогу тагігієнічні набори евакуйованим. Ми зараз надаємо додаткові човни для підтримкирятувальних робіт. Наші партнери також розгорнули мобільні групи для підтримкиевакуйованих дітей на вокзалах, під час транзиту та на станціях прийому», —підкреслили в Агенції.
Там додають, що Уряд США працює над планом доставки насосів для критичноїінфраструктури міста Херсон.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/usaid-vprodovzh-3-h-misyacziv-nadavatymut-finansovu-dopomogu-ukrayinczyam-yaki-postrazhdaly-vnaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/ 
The Kherson Ova launched a hot line to help affected citizens 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T95:00:00-04:00
Description: Kozhza Nebaydozhi Brumadenyan, let's get a stagnoon on Garyachi Lіniya with the drive of the Nadannya ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 11-14.jpg ']
Tags: []
Category: News
 Every indifferent citizen can call a hot line for assistance to the victims of Kherson region - 0 800 101 102.
Alexander Proudin, Alexander Proudin, said this on the national telephone "Unified News".
The head of the Ova Alexander Proudin also stressed that at present to eliminate all the consequences caused by the undermining of the occupiers of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, the region needs additional resources - both in technology and in live power.
“In order to eliminate the consequences of this catastrophe, we need additional resources, asam - bottled water, things, furniture and clothing for people who are left. Special equipment is also needed now for elimination. These are designers, ATVs, dump trucks, loaders, buses, rescue velette everything that can be used to save a person in water, ” - an emphasized emphasis.
He said that citizens can find up -to -date information on the needs of the region on the official website of the administration, or on Facebook or Telegram.
Oleksandr Proudin also said that Ova is currently needing people who are ready to work with this hotline operators.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/u-hersonskij-ova-zapustyly-garyachu-liniyu-dlya-dopomogy-postrazhdalym-gromadyanam/ 
This ecocide is another atrocity that Russia has to answer - Greta Tunberg about undermining the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T96:00:00-04:00
Description: VIDOMA Swede ECO-Activist, Scho Vistupa for the opposition of the global warm-up that snake ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' greta_thunberg_urges_meps_to_show_climate_leadership_49618310531_cropped.jpg ']
Tags: ['ГРЕТА ТУНБЕРГ', 'ЕКОЦИД', 'ЗЛОЧИНИ РФ', 'ПІДРИВ КАХОВСЬКОЇ ГЕС']
Category: News
 The famous Swedish eco-activist, which stands for the opposition of global warming to the change in the climate of Greta Tunberg reacted by the terrorist act of Russian-host-undermining the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, which caused a real ecological-kattrophe in the south of Ukraine and caused horrific consequences for thousands of Ukrainian Ukrainian.
“This ecocide, as a continuation of the unprovided full -scale invasion of Russia, is another atrocity that leaves the world lost to words. Our views are re -addressed to Russia, which should be responsible for its crimes, ” - wrote Грета Тунберг у Твіттері.
 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/czej-ekoczyd-ye-shhe-odnym-zvirstvom-za-yake-rosiya-maye-vidpovisty-greta-tunberg-pro-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges/ 
It is necessary to consolidate the world for Russia to be responsible for ecocide - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T97:00:00-04:00
Description: Good afternoon!I get you!Usykh, hoto not flooded by the cums, having been injected by the pl ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 is the last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine will be in 2022 Or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 656b9ca7879c192a2277215cceec9c05_1686246257_extra_large.jpeg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВОЛОДИМИР ЗЕЛЕНСЬКИЙ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 Good day! 
_ Congratulations to all of you!_ 
All who did not remain indifferent to see this man -made disaster of the Nakakhovsky hydroelectric power station.
It is not a natural disaster or a manifestation of a climatic crisis, it is a disaster. What he will make. What he personally orders to do.
The situation is extremely difficult. Russian troops do not stop artillery for the territory where the evacuation of people is carried out.
Unfortunately, there are wounded from these terrorist shelling. People who rescue from Russian ecocide are forced to escape from the Russian fire!Just at evacuation points ... This Russian ecocid crime is the greatest decade in Europe, but, apparently, Russian invaders decide to worsen its consequences. In the occupied part of the territory, about a dozen settlements have been deapated, novacuation is not carried out. People on the second day on the roofs, in a water trap, without drinking water, food of Twedic help. We do not know how many dead and victims are killed.
Just an hour is installed every hour - and we are installing - more and more details of what damage Russia has caused this disaster. In more than 30 inhabited pens of life is broken. For hundreds of thousands of people in many cities and villages, access to drinking water is much prepared.
Due to the destruction of the dam, flooded fuel storage facilities, warehouses with chemicals, warehouses, the burial grounds of animals, of which are at least two "anthrax burials", and Iobidv - in the temporarily occupied territory. What is with them now, we are unknown. There, where there was no centralized sewage, sewage runoff is already in water, which is covered by everything ...
The number of ecosystems that are destroyed or put on the border of the extinction of this terrorist attack is already calculated by thousands. More than 50,000 hectares have been brought down, and at least half of them will die. Tens of thousands of birds are at least twenty thousand wild animals under the threat of death. Obviously, the Kkakhov reservoir has been transformed into a large grave for millions of living things.
No people have to remain alone with such challenges!But there is no answer to how we can overcome it all.There are no attention to international organizations to the occupied territory, which is flooded. And you need, in particular, your pressure on them - I ask!
Second. All this we encountered is a conscious crime of the occupier. Multiple about what happened. But it happened in the occupied territory. But we have warned the mining of the dams and other buildings. But Russian troops are now firing areas where evacuation is ongoing. It is obvious that it is Russia who is interested in a catastrophe.
Just as we have created special expert groups that are engaged in promoting sanctions and security guarantees for Ukraine, we also create an expert group, which will be primarily to engage in the consolidation of the world, so that the ecocide is full of Russian and that our country does not remain alone with this. I am sure that with sufficient leadership in the world, you can create.
Third. Any terrorist expects only a few forms of result for themselves: it is the suffering of people, it is intimidation of people and these are the ruins left after the sebeter. This is how Russia works in this.
Of course, we will do everything to guarantee people the basis for life even after this disaster. But it is necessary that no desert, or ruins, a mint area after this disaster. And this can be provided only by joint ventures, along with the eco -protection community of the world, along with Policy Makers, single -bearing leaders and states, together with international organizations.
Pollution and poison from the flood zone quickly enters groundwater, poisons rivers, and from there enters the Black Sea basin. That is, the nature of nature "somewhere" is not very interconnected in the world.
And so please spread the truth about this Russian ecocide. Please call the leaders, states and international organizations to act. It is no coincidence that we have a formula of peace, one of the key points is the anti -speaking. Please let's make it so that other ecocides are not more. Join our community that I said to our platform, to our experts. We are on constant contact.
Thank you for your attention! 
Glory to Ukraine! 
Source: president of Ukraine 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/neobhidno-konsoliduvaty-svit-shhob-rosiya-ponesla-vidpovidalnist-za-ekoczyd-volodymyr-zelenskyj/ 
Kyiv region sent the first party of assistance for Kherson region 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T98:00:00-04:00
Description: Kievshchyna Vid rule Persher Party Dusomoga for Kherson region, Yaka arrogant Ruinuwan VID ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 352568036_1933933896976030_1599574044841894489_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС', 'УКРАЇНСЬКИЙ НАРОД НЕПЕРЕМОЖНИЙ']
Category: News
 The Kyiv region sent the first assistance batch for Kherson region, which is undergoing another terrorist act of Russia.
About this Kiev Regional State Administration reports On Facebook.
“Our region was also injured from the occupiers. We know how no one that is important is a help and support. Immediately after the tragedy, he instructed the profile services with the Kherson region and to form a register of the necessary priority, ”the message reads.
Already sent:
 21 boats with volunteers who will provide prompt assistance;
 6 engines;
 2 water purification regeneration stations;
 10 motor pump;
 4 thermal guns;
 200 liters of gasoline;
 200 liters of diesel;
 500 canister 10 liters for drinking water;
 20 fire sleeves;
 20 rescue vests;
Во 150 pairs of rubber boots;
Вання several tons of food;
Ти 8 tons of drinking water
 Clothing. [/PLSHKA]
“The diving team will also go to Kherson region. Currently, from the representatives of the 19th communities of the Kyiv region we are completing a team of public utilities, electricians of and other specialists who, with all necessary equipment at the first demand, will leave the rebellious territories.
Do not forget about the most protected animals. In Kherson we will send 200 kg feed for them.
In Kyiv region, 3,000 places have already been prepared for compact residence of people who found themselves in flooded territories as a result of the blasting of the Kakhovsky Hydroelectric Power Plant by Russian terrorists.
You can contact the settlement questions on the phone:(099)510 72 12.
International partners are actively involved in assistance. In particular, they agreed that the UN program for the restoration and reconstruction of peace has allocated $ 30,000. The United States has 26 inflatable boats, 100 solar accesses and 32 portable charging stations with solar panels for the request and transfer of Kherson region to Kherson region. Another 50 thousand. Dol. The USA is on motor pumps, chainsaws, hydrostrans and boots to provide terminal support to the State Emergency Service.
If necessary, we will expand the list of necessary assistance. The tragedy of Nakherson region is a common trouble of all of Ukraine. Kherson region - we are with you!Only to victory!” - noted in the Regional State Administration.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/kyyivshhyna-vidpravyla-pershu-partiyu-dopomogy-dlya-hersonshhyny/ 
Short. War. Day 470 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-08T99:00:00-04:00
Description: War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future that that They say that the war with Ukraine, Ukraine news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: []
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ']
Category: News
🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/korotko-vijna-den-470/ 
In the occupation of the investigation of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station is impossible - acid 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-09T-2:15:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-09T00:15:00+03:00
Description: Investigation of the blast of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station is impossible in the conditions of occupation and refusal of the invading administration from cooperation. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16196... ']
Tags: ['ООН', 'Кислиця', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Розслідування', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Investigation of the blast of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station is impossible in the conditions of occupation of the Tavidozova of the invading administration from cooperation.
The post -Representation of Ukraine at the United Nations Sergey Kyslytsy told reporters, the Ukrinform correspondent reported.
"You can conclude that any investigation into the current occupation and refusal of the occupying power is impossible,"-said.
At the request to comment on the negotiations initiated by the Erdogan regarding the creation of a Commission for Investigation with the participation of experts of the warring parties, the UN Tamzhzhni community, Kislytsa advised to ask a representative of Turkey.
Read also: a terrorist attack on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station Russia acknowledged that the enthusiastic territories do not belong to it - Oklytsya "I think you better ask a Turkish mission or a Turkish representative about how far they have advanced in these discussions-this is not solved from New York," the diplomat got.
He stressed that Ukraine expects full cooperation by the occupying power to give unimpeded access to evacuating people to international organizations, such as the UN and the International Committee of the Red Cross.
“Even their military sitting on trees waiting evacuations , ”Post -pre -Presidium added. "They even do not do their soldiers."
Read also: Decision on Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant gave Putin personally As reported Ukrinform , A group of countries in the UN, including Ukraine, its partners in the Council of Security and the EU states, were strongly condemned by the gunshot of the evacuation areas in the disaster zone caused by the subjugation of the Kakhovka dam.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720323-v-umovah-okupacii-rozsliduvanna-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-nemozlive-kislica.html 
In the capital of Latvia, they presented a short film and opened an exhibition about the war 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-09T-3:02:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-09T00:02:00+03:00
Description: This week, two events took place in the Latvian capital, which covered the theme of the Russian-Ukrainian War: the premiere of the short film "Hope" and the exhibition of metal sculptures "Let's win!Steel is my heart. " - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ', ' 1686241003-72... ', ' 1686241002-24... ', ' 1686241172-64... ', ' 1686241369-46... ', ' 1686241235-37... ', ' 1686241267-64... ', ' 1686241290-63... ']
Tags: ['Діаспора', 'Культура', 'Латвія', 'Виставка', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Two events took place in the Latvian capital, which covered the Temurosian-Ukrainian War: the premiere of the short-haired artistic film "Hope" and the exhibition of metal sculptures "Let's win!Steel is a heart. "
This was reported by Ukrinform correspondent.
 On Wednesday evening, the historic Riga Cinema of SPLENDID PALACE took place in the short -made feature film "Hope", shot in Latvia by the full Ukrainian creative figures who are currently in this Baltic country.
 Director of the tape - Artem Kocharian(For four years he was Ukrainian military, released after injury for health reasons when full -scale, he moved to Latvia with a pregnant wife). Продюсер – латвійськаактивістка Юлія Кабіцина-Каб’єр. В ролях - київський театральний та кіноакторТимур Ібраімов (The father of the heroine), Marina Bilous(Kyiv Theater)and the debutant Ivanhorlachev.
The film tells the girl hope, who, after the start of full -scale, remained pregnant alone, losing all her loved ones. And then she lived with a little daughter to the victory of Ukraine. Viewers are warmly perceived.
 A day earlier, on Tuesday, at the Atrium of the Latvian National Library, and the influx in front of it was an exhibition of metal sculptures and painting "Let's win!Steel is my heart. " From the beginning, it was conceived as a moving book, the purpose of which is to introduce society to the resistance of Ukraine to Russian aggression, as well as to raise funds for the Armed Forces.
 For the first time, this collection, created by the Tigois Project Art Group, could be designed in April 2023 at the Lviv Palace of Arts. The initiative to bring the exhibition to Riga belongs to the commander of the medical corps of Lviv "Azov" Yaroslav Soloduku and the artist Roman Beardy. The authors of the works are sculptors Ilyrofimchuk(Group leader), Sergey Kravetsky, Anton Dvorak, Mykola Yurchak, Danilo Turiy, Roman Turii, artist Vasyl Stepanov. The collection presented 60 works - above all metal sculptures, as well as painting. The exhibit will be exhibited by June 22.
 
 The organizers of the exhibition - UA & LV Volunteer Association, LNB, Support Azov Latvia and Support Azov Ukraine, Nova Poshta, Musician Iprodaper Insa Zagorsk, Ukrainian -Latvian band “Varakuta”.
 As reported by Ukrinform, in the Latvian National Library took place The premiere of the documentary "Life we did not choose" about seven Ukrainian women who became refugees as a result of Russian aggression.
Foto: Oleg Kudrin 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3720221-u-stolici-latvii-predstavili-korotkometraznij-film-i-vidkrili-vistavku-pro-vijnu.html 
In the capital of Latvia, they presented a short film and opened an exhibition about the war 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-09T00:02:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-09T00:02:00+03:00
Description: This week, two events took place in the Latvian capital, which covered the theme of the Russian-Ukrainian War: the premiere of the short film "Hope" and the exhibition of metal sculptures "Let's win!Steel is my heart. " - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ', ' 1686241003-72... ', ' 1686241002-24... ', ' 1686241172-64... ', ' 1686241369-46... ', ' 1686241235-37... ', ' 1686241267-64... ', ' 1686241290-63... ']
Tags: ['Діаспора', 'Культура', 'Латвія', 'Виставка', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Two events took place in the Latvian capital, which covered the Temurosian-Ukrainian War: the premiere of the short-haired artistic film "Hope" and the exhibition of metal sculptures "Let's win!Steel is a heart. "
This was reported by Ukrinform correspondent.
 On Wednesday evening, the historic Riga Cinema of SPLENDID PALACE took place in the short -made feature film "Hope", shot in Latvia by the full Ukrainian creative figures who are currently in this Baltic country.
 Director of the tape - Artem Kocharian(For four years he was Ukrainian military, released after injury for health reasons when full -scale, he moved to Latvia with a pregnant wife). Продюсер – латвійськаактивістка Юлія Кабіцина-Каб’єр. В ролях - київський театральний та кіноакторТимур Ібраімов (The father of the heroine), Marina Bilous(Kyiv Theater)and the debutant Ivanhorlachev.
The film tells the girl hope, who, after the start of full -scale, remained pregnant alone, losing all her loved ones. And then she lived with a little daughter to the victory of Ukraine. Viewers are warmly perceived.
 A day earlier, on Tuesday, at the Atrium of the Latvian National Library, and the influx in front of it was an exhibition of metal sculptures and painting "Let's win!Steel is my heart. " From the beginning, it was conceived as a moving book, the purpose of which is to introduce society to the resistance of Ukraine to Russian aggression, as well as to raise funds for the Armed Forces.
 For the first time, this collection, created by the Tigois Project Art Group, could be designed in April 2023 at the Lviv Palace of Arts. The initiative to bring the exhibition to Riga belongs to the commander of the medical corps of Lviv "Azov" Yaroslav Soloduku and the artist Roman Beardy. The authors of the works are sculptors Ilyrofimchuk(Group leader), Sergey Kravetsky, Anton Dvorak, Mykola Yurchak, Danilo Turiy, Roman Turii, artist Vasyl Stepanov. The collection presented 60 works - above all metal sculptures, as well as painting. The exhibit will be exhibited by June 22.
 
 The organizers of the exhibition - UA & LV Volunteer Association, LNB, Support Azov Latvia and Support Azov Ukraine, Nova Poshta, Musician Iprodaper Insa Zagorsk, Ukrainian -Latvian band “Varakuta”.
 As reported by Ukrinform, in the Latvian National Library took place The premiere of the documentary "Life we did not choose" about seven Ukrainian women who became refugees as a result of Russian aggression.
Foto: Oleg Kudrin 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3720221-u-stolici-latvii-predstavili-korotkometraznij-film-i-vidkrili-vistavku-pro-vijnu.html 
In the occupation of the investigation of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station is impossible - acid 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-09T00:15:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-09T00:15:00+03:00
Description: Investigation of the blast of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station is impossible in the conditions of occupation and refusal of the invading administration from cooperation. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16196... ']
Tags: ['ООН', 'Кислиця', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Розслідування', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Investigation of the blast of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station is impossible in the conditions of occupation of the Tavidozova of the invading administration from cooperation.
The post -Representation of Ukraine at the United Nations Sergey Kyslytsy told reporters, the Ukrinform correspondent reported.
"You can conclude that any investigation into the current occupation and refusal of the occupying power is impossible,"-said.
At the request to comment on the negotiations initiated by the Erdogan regarding the creation of a Commission for Investigation with the participation of experts of the warring parties, the UN Tamzhzhni community, Kislytsa advised to ask a representative of Turkey.
Read also: a terrorist attack on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station Russia acknowledged that the enthusiastic territories do not belong to it - Oklytsya "I think you better ask a Turkish mission or a Turkish representative about how far they have advanced in these discussions-this is not solved from New York," the diplomat got.
He stressed that Ukraine expects full cooperation by the occupying power to give unimpeded access to evacuating people to international organizations, such as the UN and the International Committee of the Red Cross.
“Even their military sitting on trees waiting evacuations , ”Post -pre -Presidium added. "They even do not do their soldiers."
Read also: Decision on Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant gave Putin personally As reported Ukrinform , A group of countries in the UN, including Ukraine, its partners in the Council of Security and the EU states, were strongly condemned by the gunshot of the evacuation areas in the disaster zone caused by the subjugation of the Kakhovka dam.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720323-v-umovah-okupacii-rozsliduvanna-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-nemozlive-kislica.html 
In Khmelnytskyi, the suspect in the murder of Ukrainian in Poland was detained 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-09T00:29:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-09T00:29:00+03:00
Description: In the Khmelnytsky region, police detained a 30-year-old suspect in the murder of Ukrainian in Poland, who was on the international wanted list. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15802... ']
Tags: ['Хмельниччина', 'Польща', 'Вбивство']
Type: Article
 Uchmelnytsky region police detained a 30-year-old suspect in the murder of Ukrainian in Poland, who was on the international wanted list.
This was reported press service of the National Police , reports Ukrinform.
It is noted that at the beginning of September 2019, a 56-year-old resident of the Mostysky district, who stated that the body of her 26-year-old daughter was found in the Polish city of Bzhozovets, approved the police of Lviv region.
On this fact, criminal proceedings were opened under Part 1 of Art. 115(Deliberation)Criminal Code of Ukraine.
During the pre -trial investigation, law enforcement officers Lviv region Together with the Polish colleagues, they found that on August 30, 2019, a 30-year-old resident of Khmelnytsky region had a premeditated murder of a 26-year-old resident of Khmelnytsky in Bzhozovets.
Since the attacker hid from the investigation, he was announced in the international search.
Law enforcement officers managed to establish the location of the wanted person who was hiding in the Khmelnytsky region.
The man was detained and taken to Lviv, where investigators were informed about the suspicion of committing premeditated murder.
Read also: in Europe during the raid against the mafia delayed and 25 people The court chose the suspect a preventive measure - detention.
The investigation is ongoing.
As it was reported, on April 19 in the Lviv region the district prosecutor's office informed the proading of a 60-year-old woman on the premeditated murder of the mother.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720095-na-hmelniccini-zatrimali-pidozruvanogo-v-ubivstvi-ukrainki-u-polsi.html 
Zelensky: Russia is governed 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-09T00:38:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-09T00:38:00+03:00
Description: There are no those who do not see inhumans in Russia now - which are personally the largest catastrophe on the planet today. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16824... ']
Tags: ['Тероризм', 'Зеленський', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Svetisaraz has no those who do not see that Russia is in charge of inhumans - who personally have the greatest catastrophe on the planet today.
Volodymyr Zelenskyy said this in video closer , reports Ukrinform.
Video: Presidential Office 
Dear Ukrainians, Ukrainians! 
Today was a very long, hard day. Kherson and the region, Mykolaiv region, the cities of the Gromad of our Dniprovshchyna. Meetings, meetings, evacuation points, international recovery.
First. At all levels of the state and local authorities, we work to save as much people from flooded areas. The evacuation is ongoing. Everywhere we can pull people out of the flood area, we do it. SES, police, military - youth!Everyone and everyone who is involved - I want to thank you!
Second. In our free territory there is the presence of international organizations, specific assistance. In particular, it is the Ukrainian Red Cross and many others. Every organization, every volunteer, is for every company that has realized for a rescue operation.
And it is obvious that the absence of some international organizations in the disaster zone in the occupied territory - the same International Red Cross, is the union of their assistance to our people in the occupied territory for such organizations, it seems wrong and is simply self -destruction.
Third. Russian terrorists are trying to aggravate the situation they have caused their ecocid. Absolutely conscious. They continue the firing of the nih and communities of the region, already flooded by terrorists. They fireting even the evacuation points that are already such a manifestation of evil, which, apparently, no terrorists of the World, except Russian, have not gone.
The invaders completely threw people on the left -bank part of the Serson region. There, the second day is just expanding the catastrophe. And it is also a conscious choice of Russian leadership. There is no one in the world now who saw that Russia is in charge of Russia. Non -human, which is personally the most catastrophe on the planet today.
We have to do everything with our partners to make the world prove that it is able to cope with such catastrophes, with such terrorists.The situation with infrastructure, natural loss. It is a significant harm from the Russian terrorist attack, it is clear to everyone. But it should also be clear that there are no alternatives, except for maximum restoration and maximum reconstruction. It is possible that Russia will remain devastated after Putin, but not Ukraine.
And one more. Mandatory. Security. Constantly in communication with our military. Commander - Khortytsia, Tavriya, all those involved in the hottest. Donetsk is very rigid battles. But there is a result, and I am grateful to anyone who provides this result!Bakhmut - Well done. Step by step. Thank you every warrior!Avdiivka, Marinka, all over the East, the situation in the south, the situation after blasting the Russians of our native Kakhovka's dams - we see every detail. But to be published - not today.
Thanks to our people! 
Glory to Ukraine! 
Foto: op 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720324-zelenskij-rosieu-keruut-neludi-aki-osobisto-e-najbilsou-katastrofou-na-planeti.html 
In Kiev and a number of areas - air alarm 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-06-09T00:43:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-06-09T00:43:00+03:00
Description: Air alarm has been announced in the capital and a number of areas. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16458... ']
Tags: ['Війна з Росією', 'Повітряна тривога']
Type: Article
 Air alarm has been declared a number of areas.
About it reports Ukrinform with reference to map Air anxiety.
According to preliminary data of monitoring channels, anxiety may be associated with shock drones and missiles from Russia.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720325-u-kievi-ta-nizci-oblastej-povitrana-trivoga.html 
ZPP continues to pump coolant from the Kakhovka reservoir, although its level is already below the critical mark 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-06-09T98:00:00-04:00
Description: Ryven Derry at the Water School, having fallen by approximately 4.1 m Pislya Pіdriva Dambi, that reached the dead ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when , The war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 8-20.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'КАХОВСЬКА ГЕС']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
The water level in the reservoir fell approximately 4.1 m after the dam and the reached point of 12.7 m at 18:00 today. The hourly rate of loss remains in the range of 4-7 cm/h.
About it reports The headquarters of the elimination of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station by Russian terrorists.
◼️ZaS has the ability to pump water from the tank even after its level falls below 12.7 m. Probably pumps can operate at a level of 11 m or below.
In these difficult circumstances, this gives extra time before the possible transition of a heater water supply, including a large consolidator pond nearby.
It is no less no less nuclear safety remains stupid and potentially dangerous.
◼️To it is better to evaluate the situation, IAEA experts have invited access to the location of the water level in the reservoir and to the outlet of the ZTO, which is adjacent.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/zaes-prodovzhuye-vidkachuvaty-oholodzhuyuchu-vodu-z-kahovskogo-vodoshovyshha-hocha-riven-vody-vzhe-nyzhche-krytychnoyi-poznachky/ 
