乌俄战争新闻
Ukrainian-Russian War News
2023-04-01
 
English 
Spain will send the first six Leopard 2A4 tanks to Ukraine after Easter 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-03-31T35:00:00-04:00
Description: “Outdoor head of the requirements of Ukrainians - the defense of the impassion. Critical is critical ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be war With Ukraine, in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' ispani.jpeg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ДОПОМОГА ПАРТНЕРІВ', 'СВІТ ПІДТРИМУЄ УКРАЇНУ']
Category: News
 “Now the main need of Ukrainians is air defense. This is critical on the battlefield. They also need a long -range weapon. And we give them a considerable package of such opportunities. We also study them and guarantee the provision of weapons provided, ”said the Glavrapenthane Lloyd Austin. Concerning the receipt of modern fighter jets by Ukraine, "Can Ukrainians get fighter jets in the future? We all believe that yes. It can potentially be either F16 or other fourth aircraft. " Austin also believes that Ukraine has a "very good chance" to carry out a successful contradiction in the spring of 2023 at the expense of significant depletion of Russian forces and Western weapons.
Canada this year will give Ukraine a loan of $ 2.4 billion in Canadian($ 1.8 billion)to support the budget.
Spain will send the first six Leopard 2A4 tanks to Ukraine after Easter.
Poland plans to increase the production of ammunition on the eve of the counter -offensive of the Front. According to Prime Minister Mateusz Moravtsky, Poland plans to allocate $ 462.5 million for investments from the budget.
Poland has concluded a contract worth more than 1 billion zlotys for the production of 22 mobile BYSTRA radar stations to "protect themselves from Russia", - said the Minister of Defense of the country Mariusz Blaschak.
In Poland, electronic barriers on the border, including the system of cameras and motion sensors, will soon be installed.
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Moravetsky criticized the decisions of the International Olympic Committee to allow Russian and Belarusian athletes of leafy under certain conditions.
The Serbia Government, with the support of the EU, sent four trucks to Ukraine with green -power equipment to support Ukraine's energy sector.
The European Energy Union ENTSO-E has made a decision to further increase import capacity to Ukraine to 850 MW of the current 700 MW.
The National Assembly of France, which is the Lower Chamber of the French Parliament, adopted a resolution in which it recognizes the Holodomor of 1932-1933 of the Genocydimonian people.
The European Parliament has held an action of solidarity with the movement of resistance to the occupation of the Ukrainian Yellow Ribbon.
The Parliament of Slovakia condemned the crimes of the Russian Federation committed against Ukrainian women's ideas.
US President Joe Biden said he was concerned about Russia's plans to place tactic nuclear weapons in neighboring Belarus.The US stopped the transfer of data on its nuclear forces after Russia's release of strategic offensive weapons.
Brussels officially confirmed the political agreement of the EU Member States' voluntary reduction of gas consumption by 15 % for one year.
Source: external intelligence service of Ukraine 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/ispaniya-vidpravyt-pershi-shist-tankiv-leopard-2a4-v-ukrayinu-pislya-velykodnya/ 
Three racists who raped a woman in the Kyiv region during the occupation, reported suspicion 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-03-31T36:00:00-04:00
Description: For the proprietary Kerivnitvva Office, the Prosecutor General of the Identifted, the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine will be in 2022 Or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' ofgen.jpeg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ОФІС ГЕНЕРАЛЬНОГО ПРОКУРОРА УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 Under the procedural guidance of the Prosecutor General's office, it was identified that three servicemen of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation in violation of the laws of the pelvis of war were identified.(Part 2 of Art. 28, Part 1 of Art. 438 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine).
Про це повідомляє Office of the Prosecutor General.
Suspects-the military of the 37th Separate Guards Motorized Rifle Don-Budapest Red Banner of the Order of the Red Star of the Brigade(37 OMSBR, military unit69647)Armed Forces of the Russian Federation, natives of the Republic of Buryatia, Chita region of the Tairkut region of the Russian Federation.
According to the investigation, in March 2022 the suspects, along with other militarysses, were RFFO was one of the settlements of Kyiv region. They intimidated peace, sought by men and participants of the forces of anti -terrorist operation, constantly inspected all the premises of civilian homes.
After 20 days of occupation, the Russian military, including suspects, began to break into the courtyard of a private home, where two women lived a young girl. It has always been done in groups of three people whose composition has changed constantly.
The suspects, constantly demonstrating the presence of weapons, taking into account the perception of men in the house, took turn one of the women to garage, where they raped. Others at this time remained on the streets in order to support the possible resistance from its relatives and neighbors.
One of them during the occupation committed violent acts of sexual nature once, the other took such actions twice, and the third - during the week of each day.
The pre -trial investigation is conducted by the National Police of Ukraine.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/trom-rashystam-yaki-pid-chas-okupacziyi-gvaltuvaly-zhinku-na-kyyivshhyni-povidomleno-pro-pidozru/ 
Russian parody on McDonald's was unprofitable in the first year of work 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-03-31T37:00:00-04:00
Description: One of the new ones from the svіtі post -post -algrades is the American Companion ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine will be in 2022 Or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' tochka_1.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ЕКОНОМІКА РФ', 'КРАХ РОСІЙСЬКОЇ ЕКОНОМІКИ', 'СЛУЖБА ЗОВНІШНЬОЇ РОЗВІДКИ УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 One of the world's largest agricultural suppliers, the US Cargill, which was part of the top 10 exporters of Russian grain, will stop exporting grain from the Russian Federation next agricultural year(July 12023 - June 30 2024).
Австрійські інвестори вимагають від банківської групи Raiffeisen BankInternational під час загальних зборів зробити чіткі заяви щодо подальшої долібізнесу в росії.
уряд рф всіляко намагається завадити іноземним компаніям позбутися бізнесу наросії та додатково нажитися на їхньому капіталі: останнім рішенням є вимогасплати до російського бюджету 10 % вартості активів компаній, оцінених під часпродажу.
Видобуток газу на найбільших родовищах західного сибіру впаде на третину до2040 року через виснаження запасів, що легко видобуваються, попередив урядглава міненерго ніколай шульгінов. До 2040 року показник видобутку газу внадим-пур-тазовському регіоні ямало-ненецького автономного округу скоротитьсядо 255 млрд. За даними росстату, 2022 року в росії було видобуто близько 672млрд кубометрів газу. З урахуванням прогнозу шульгінова щодо падіння видобуткув янао, загальний показник може впасти до 460 млрд куб. м, або більш як на 30%. При цьому обсяг внутрішнього споживання газу в росії становить 470 млрд.куб. м, як раніше оцінював віце-прем’єр алєксандр новак. Таким чином, росіяможе не мати вільних обсягів для експорту. Падіння видобутку на 30 % можепризвести до скорочення надходжень до бюджету на 1 трлн руб.
Продажі на рф мобільних пристроїв (headphones, "smart" watches, fitness trackers)The first quarter will decrease by 20 %. The number of counterfeit devices that began last summer is caused by Russia. The technique of little -known manufacturers has occupied almost half of Russia, some electronics stores recognize its visual similarity to the production of well -known foreign brands, but warn that it is only a "replica". There is also a high risk that devices designed for other countries will not work in Russia or will be switched off later.Non-profit organization "Rosian System Dumping" during the checking of well-known network restaurants of Japanese cuisine, shops, retail networks of premium-classes found a 40 % of E. coli in 40 % of products, as well as a listeriabacterium, which can cause listeriosis.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, the net profit of the Russian Lenta Hypermarkets by international standards of financial reporting was 95 % - up to 207 million rubles; According to the results of the year, 64.5 % - up to 4.85mlrd rubles.
Students of the Moscow Physics and Technical University are forced to teach Chinese as mandatory. From the curriculum excluded Spanish, German Tafntzuz. Instead, students are offered two hours of English. The press service of the university stated that graduates should rely in their scientific and research work on the latest scientific publications, 27 % of which are written in Chinese. In addition, universities intend to teach students to read technical documentation, which is increasingly present in the Russian Federation in Chinese.
The Director of the Federal Service, Ispolnia, ordered Zheyev sent an official leaflet to the head of the Rosttek corporation, proposing the convicts for the production of production and providing various services for the needs of the military-industrial complex. At the same time, the Tambov Bakery began the production of drones for the need for the occupation troops of the Russian Federation, which are fighting in Ukraine.
On the so-called "eastern landfill", which include Krasnoyarsk, Extreme Siberian, Transbaikal and Dalnevosta Railways of Russia, introduced levels of priority of cargo transportation: military cargo, loading of emergency conditions, cargo on behalf of Putin and coal. Oil and gas companies complain of "systematic difficulties" in the organization of transportation, which leads to the disruption of supply of raw materials to consumers, and ask the government to add them to the fourth group of sequence of transportation.
Russian mobile operators are going to abolish roaming Izakhstan, Kyrgyza and Armenia.
Source: external intelligence service of Ukraine 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/rosijska-parodiya-na-mcdonalds-vyyavylasya-zbytkovoyu-u-pershyj-zhe-rik-roboty/ 
The Cabinet approved the provision of business grants from the territories of possible hostilities 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-03-31T38:00:00-04:00
Description: The detachment is clarifying the criteria Voznutsky Osіb, yaki May, the right to file a statement to Otromane Grants ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' fejk-groshi-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'МІНРЕІНТЕГРАЦІЇ']
Category: News
 The government has clarified the criteria for determining persons who have the right to apply for grants to create or develop their own business.
About it reports Ministry of Reintegration of Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine.
The corresponding changes were developed by the Ministry of Economy on the initiative of immune -reintegration. From now on, business entities from the territories of possible combatants will also be able to claim grants.
For example, such territories include a large part of Kharkiv region, but at the same time there is no economic and business activity.
Restrictions on submission of the application are provided only for entities that are conducted in the temporarily occupied territories of active hostilities, for which the date of completion or hostilities is not determined in accordance with the Ministry of reintegration order.
Adopted changes concern the following state programs: 
In addition, the Cabinet of Ministers has approved the procedure for granting participants in hostilities, persons with disabilities as a result of war and their families. Depending on the number of employees employees, veterans will be able to receive grant in the amount of 250 thousand to 1 million hryvnias. This is to promote new jobs both among internally displaced persons, and is interpreted by veterans.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/kabmin-shvalyv-nadannya-grantiv-biznesu-z-terytorij-mozhlyvyh-bojovyh-dij/ 
The Center for Combating Misinformation revealed manipulations that were spread by the occupiers during the day 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-03-31T39:00:00-04:00
Description: The Center for the Wizin -Formati Viyaviv, the Proceeds on 03/30/2023 Porpanthi sewed: fake ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 336794006_763070498543766_3832786597724948784_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['ДЕЗІНФОРМАЦІЯ', 'РОСІЙСЬКІ ФЕЙКИ', 'ФЕЙКИ РФ', 'ЦЕНТР ПРОТИДІЇ ДЕЗІНФОРМАЦІЇ']
Category: News
 The Center for Combating Misinformation found that during 30.03.2023 the invaders spread:
fake 
"In Kiev, they ignore the security issues of Zaporizhzhya NPP and are ready to bring a concealment to their political ambitions," - said the Deputy of the Foreign Ministry of the Russian Foreign Ministry.
misinformation 
Lugansk collaborator A. Marochko stated that “Ukraine has transferred under the bakhmutversion-reconnaissance groups, dressed in the form of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation. … Under character, they perform separate tasks of the headquarters, and are used as groups of speedy response. ”
Manipulation 
Commenting on the termination of the lease of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra, the spokeswoman of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the RFM. Zakharov stated: “The Kiev regime continues the attack on the canonical orthodox. Zelensky and other Ukrainian God -breakingmen are not interested in questions, they are managed solely by the desire of personal enrichment. … This is a arbitrariness that is supported by the US and Constantinople. Such actions immerse Ukraine of the Middle Ages in the worst sense of the word. "
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi-vyyavyv-yaki-manipulyacziyi-okupanty-poshyryly-30-bereznya/ 
On Belarus, the next anti -record was recorded by the number of employed in the economy 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-03-31T40:00:00-04:00
Description: The US Congress has a new law on democrates, sovereignty is the right ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' lukashenko-breshe.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'БІЛОРУСЬ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 The US Congress is developing a new law on democracy, sovereignty of human and human sovereignty in Belarus. The updating of the law will allow the help of the Belarusian democratic movement and civil society more efficient.
Latvian State Company Latvijas Dzelzceļš(Latvian Railway)She introduced an indefinite ban on the transportation of all cargoes in the Belzhd wagon park. It applies to both loaded and empty rods, as well as those who rent to other carriers. They will now be reached in Latvia.
The Lithuanian Sejm Committee on National Security and Defense has updated the draft law on military aggression against Ukraine. Among others, the Prohibition for the Prohibition of Tarosia for the importation of Ukrainian hryvnias into Lithuania was included in the project. Earlier, the Lithuanian services recorded an increase in cash flows of Ukrainian currency from Belarus Tarosia. They believe that money can be stolen in Ukraine during combatants, and now they are trying to legalize in Lithuania.
In February, Belarus was in the first place in rising prices in the annual agricultural products among Eurasian countries, which by February last year increased by 19.7 %. For comparison: in Armenia in annual terms, prices increased by 8.4 %, in Kazakhstan - by 7.3 %.
According to Belstat, the next anti -record in Belarus was recorded in the number of dose in the economy. In February there were 4 million 172.4 thousand people. The earlier figure was recorded in December last year. To this number of employees in the economy, below the mark of 4 million 180 thousand people were not opped. On March 28, a total of 105.6 thousand workers are not enough in the country
On the basis of the decision of the Council of Ministers of Belarus, the Ministry of Defense in 2023 for a military meeting of 9 thousand military people.
Source: external intelligence service of Ukraine 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/na-bilorusi-zafiksuvaly-chergovyj-antyrekord-za-kilkistyu-zajnyatyh-v-ekonomiczi/ 
The efforts of the Russian Federation to attach Ukrainians to the so -called "humanitarian" missions - another act of hostile propaganda 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-03-31T41:00:00-04:00
Description: Dezhava-Agresorkoy I was so painted by the “Humanitarian” on their own Teritor, ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, War With Ukraine in 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' koordshtab.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'КООРДИНАЦІЙНИЙ ШТАБ']
Category: News
 Dezhava-Aggressor began to initiate the so-called "humanitarian measures" on its own the works, which announces the participation of Ukrainian officials, including the representatives of the coordination headquarters on the management of prisoners of war.
About it informs Coordination headquarters of prisoners of war.
Information on participation in any eye or correspondence events initiated by the Russian side, representatives of Ukraine is not true. Such anons and statements are intended to discredit Ukrainian officials.
Similar provocations are a form of enemy IPSO. Under the cover of a humane goal, they are really called to duplicate the work of international organizations that the aggressor country does not allow the places of keeping prisoners and civilian hostages, and the deported children.
We urge the Russian side to fulfill the Geneva Conventions, to ensure the refined and complete access of representatives of the International Committee of the Chervonoro -Rrest to the places of detention, not to engage in pseudo -initiatives for the purpose of propaganda.
The work that the coordination headquarters conducts to liberate all our citizens of provocative captivity is carried out in a closed mode and does not involve the participation in this process of unparalleled persons.
The efforts of representatives of the aggressor state to attach Ukrainians to the so-called "humanitarian" measures or missions are only another act of Russian propaganda.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/namagannya-rf-doluchyty-ukrayincziv-do-tak-zvanyh-gumanitarnyh-misij-chergovyj-akt-vorozhoyi-propagandy/ 
Our warriors have repelled over 80 enemy attacks during the day 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-03-31T42:00:00-04:00
Description: At the Teritarian, Bilorus Trivay, come in fighting Pidogotovka PIDROZHIV ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine will be in 2022 Or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' zsu-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ', 'ОПЕРАТИВНА ІНФОРМАЦІЯ', 'РАНКОВЕ ЗВЕДЕННЯ', 'ХРОНІКА ОБОРОНИ']
Category: News
 ** 🔥I
In the territory of the Republic of Belarus there are measures of combat training of units of territorial troops of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation. The opponent precisely to maintain military presence in the border areas of the Kursk Tabelgorod regions.
About it on Facebook reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces.
“The enemy focuses on the main efforts on the offensive actions of the Nazupyansky, Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivsky and Marinskaya. The units of the Defense Forces of Ukraine reflected more than 80 enemy attacks. Bigorivka, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Marinka settlements remain vegetables of hostilities, ”the message reads.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/nashi-voyiny-protyagom-doby-vidbyly-ponad-80-vorozhyh-atak/ 
The Defense Forces of Ukraine neutralized 9 hostile UAV "Shahaned-136" 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-03-31T43:00:00-04:00
Description: At the Kurkiyansky Ta Limanskoye, Vorog VIV is unsuccessful advancing ... war with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' ataka-droniv-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ', 'ОПЕРАТИВНА ІНФОРМАЦІЯ', 'ХРОНІКА ОБОРОНИ']
Category: News
 Shahamed type UAV. Illustrative Photo 🔥 The Situation of Russian Completion 
In the Kupyansk and Liman directions, the enemy led unsuccessful offensive activities of the areas of Stelmakhivka, Kuzmin and Berestov. Artillery shear was a two -year -old, Western, two -year, Masyutivka, Sinkivka Kupyansk Ikrohmal Kharkiv region; Novoselovskoye, Nevskoye and Bigoriv Kalugansk region, as well as Rozdolivka, wells, Torke, Siversk and supplied to Donetsk region.
About it on Facebook reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces.
“The enemy continues to ignore the laws and customs of war, uses the tactics of terrorist correspondence of the civilian citizens of our country. At night, with the use of the S-300-projector, 9 rocket launchers were made on the civilian infrastructure of the cities. For the task of aviation strikes, he used 10 shock UAVs of the Shahhed-136, 9 of them destroyed our defenders, ”the consolidation reports.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-zneshkodyly-9-vorozhyh-bpla-shahed-136/ 
Ukrainian artillerymen struck the management point and 6 areas of focus of enemy 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-03-31T44:00:00-04:00
Description: At the Bakhmut State, the Vorog is a sway of the assault on the Mista Bakhmut our zahisniki ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' raketni-vijska-ta-artyleriya-nazemnyh-ugrupovan-vijsk.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ', 'ОПЕРАТИВНА ІНФОРМАЦІЯ', 'РАНКОВЕ ЗВЕДЕННЯ', 'ХРОНІКА ОБОРОНИ']
Category: News
 Illustrative Photo 🔥 The situation of the Russian invasion 
In the Bakhmut direction, the enemy continues the assault actions of the city of Bakhmut, our organizations repelled 22 attacks. At the same time, the enemy led unsuccessful offensive in the area of Orikhovo-Vasylivka of Donetsk region.
About it on Facebook reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces.
“Aviation of defense forces over the past day has struck 6 strokes in the areas of concentration. And the departments of rocket troops and artillery struck 1 punctuation, 6 areas of concentration of the enemy's live power, 2 warehouses of ammunition and 2 warehouses of fuel and lubricants, ”the message reads.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/ukrayinski-artylerysty-vrazyly-punkt-upravlinnya-ta-6-rajoniv-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/ 
Ukraine presented an updated guide for veterans "invisible consequences of war" 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-03-31T45:00:00-04:00
Description: Dovidnik Bulo PID was prepared by 2020 Rotski NATO ZVISKOVOKOVA Kar'ri on ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when The war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 630_360_1462927657-8164.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВЕТЕРАНИ', 'МІНВЕТЕРАНІВ', 'ПТСР']
Category: News
 The directory was prepared in 2020 by the NATO's Curricular Career Program to NATO Civilian Office in Ukraine as part of the building of the Ministry of Veterans of Ukraine. In view of the practical benefit and relevance of the directory, in 2023 it was published in response to numerous requests of doctors, social and social employees, members of public and volunteer organizations, which are baked by veterans at different stages of their restoration.
About it reports Ministry of Veterans of Ukraine.
The publication is prepared on the basis of practical experience in working with veterans of their families, generalization of scientific work and international experience, devoted to various aspects of working with trauma and its consequences. This manual It is a useful and effective tool that in an accessible form provides a step -by -step instructions and recommendations for identifying and overcoming the consequences of PTSD and other non -negative psychological states in persons who have undergone war.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/v-ukrayini-prezentuvaly-onovlenyj-dovidnyk-dlya-veteraniv-nevydymi-naslidky-vijny/ 
Defense forces eliminated nearly 500 invaders in a day, destroyed 5 tanks and 9 UAVs 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-03-31T46:00:00-04:00
Description: Zagalni Boyov, Find the enemy on 02.24.22 to 03/31/23 Orintovo to become: ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war, war With Ukraine in 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' vtraty_03-31-2023-scaled.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВТРАТИ ВОРОГА', 'ГШ ЗС УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 The total fighting loss of the enemy from 24.02.22 to 31.03.23 will be orientated:
Personnel - * 173360(+460)persons eliminated tanks - 3615(+5) combat armored vehicles - 6977(+3) Artillery Systems - 2675(+4) RSZV - 526(0) air defense means - 278(0) aircraft - 306(0) helicopters - * 291(0) UAV Operative Tactical Level- 2248(+9) Winged missiles - 911(0) ships / boats - * 18(0) Automobile equipment and tanks - 5521(+3) SPECIAL TECHANGE - 294(+3)The data is specified ...
Beat the occupier!Let's win together!Our power is in truth!
Source: General Staff of Armed Forces As of 31.03.23.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/syly-oborony-likviduvaly-za-dobu-majzhe-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-5-tankiv-i-9-bpla/ 
45 OSCE countries initiated the investigation into the abduction of Russian children - Dmytro Kuleba 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-03-31T47:00:00-04:00
Description: 45 powers-member of the organizing nonsense in єvropi (Obsn) Initziyu ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war With Ukraine in 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' dmytro-kuleba.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'ДМИТРО КУЛЕБА', 'ОБСЄ']
Category: News
 Dmytro Kuleba. Photo: Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine
45 Member States of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe(OSCE)They initiated the use of the so -called Moscow mechanism for investigating the deportation of children with Russia -occupied territories of Ukraine.
About it stated Foreign Minister Dmitry Kuleb on Twitter.
"I congratulate the initiation of 45 OSCE countries of the Moscow mechanism for solving the problem of violent movement of Ukrainian children by Russia," - reads the post.
He added that Ukraine needs decisive joint action to stop this genocidalistracy, bring the children back to Ukraine and ensure that the guilty references are brought.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/45-krayin-obsye-inicziyuvaly-rozsliduvannya-shhodo-vykradennya-rf-ukrayinskyh-ditej-dmytro-kuleba/ 
Alexei Reznikov met with the EU Committee on Policy and Security Committee 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-03-31T48:00:00-04:00
Description: Miniter defense of Ukraine Oleki Reznikov 30 birch marks Zustych Iz delegation Komiz ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 02268487acec2e032776e04a4000815559e4250b.jpg ', ' cfa4c0ed4d5ac5fd03b6b5c43d9e5929e90aa108.jpg ', ' 5a8072c006d1bf6914fb74904596ef5aa2677d8e.jpg ']
Tags: ['КОМІТЕТ ЄВРОПЕЙСЬКОГО СОЮЗУ', 'МІНІСТР ОБОРОНИ УКРАЇНИ ОЛЕКСІЙ РЕЗНІКОВ']
Category: News
 On March 30, Minister of Defense of Ukraine Oleksiy Reznikov held a meeting with the Committee on Policy and Security on Choliiz, Chairman of the Committee, Ms. Dolphin Pronk.
About it informs Ministry of Defence Ukraine.
The Minister of Defense informed European partners about the current situation of the situation, in particular in the northern, eastern and southern directions. The attention will also be paid to assisting the Defense Forces of Ukraine by the EU and the preparation of Ukrainian servicemen abroad.
Alexei Reznikov thanked foreign partners for the fact that from the first days of Russian large -scale invasion, the European Union is solidarity in Ukraine and provides our country with comprehensive support and assistance in political, economic, military and humanitarian spheres.
 - I am grateful to your countries for systematic support and work done. Due to the supply of Western weapons of the Armed Forces, they have success on the battlefield. However, we blink to a counter -offensive operation, so Ukraine needs, first and foremost, heavy equipment and prepared reserves. We are interested in conducting training of Ukrainian military at all levels: from the individual training of soldiers of collective training of brigade level units. I personally convinced that Ukrainian defenders and defenders have a high morale. I will confidently say that our boys and girls are ready to continue the fight for Ukraine, - said Alexei Reznikov.
The Minister of Defense stressed that Ukraine is expecting a future Vilnius Samitnato, which should testify that our state is not only a reliable partner, but also a country that has studied the Russian aggressor well and is able to fight it.
 EU representatives expressed support for Ukraine on the way to achieve victories.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/oleksij-reznikov-proviv-zustrich-iz-delegacziyeyu-komitetu-yes-z-pytan-polityky-ta-bezpeky/ 
In Bakhmut, time plays against the enemy - Anna Malyar 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-03-31T59:00:00-04:00
Description: Literal commands at Bakhmutsky, that husband’s husband Biitsiv was vice for ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia, and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' artyleriya.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'БАХМУТ', 'ГАННА МАЛЯР']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
The competent actions of our command in the Bakhmut direction and the courage of the fighters have made for the enemy these long fights are the most expensive over large -scale interaction.
This was emphasized by the Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Anna Malyar in telegrams .
«Витрачені ворогом на захоплення Бахмута час, зброя, техніка та величезнакількість загиблих з точки зору військової доцільності не виправдовують себе»,— зазначила вона.
Втім, за словами Ганни Маляр, ворог не полишає свої плани та пішов на принципі підняв ставки на шкоду собі.
«Це дуже «по-російськи», логікою не зрозуміти», — резюмувала заступницяМіністра оборони України.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/u-bahmuti-chas-graye-proty-voroga-ganna-malyar/ 
Military doctors got a 30-mm projectile and saved the life of a serviceman 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-03-31T95:00:00-04:00
Description: Days of the PID Hour of the Boriv in one iz district Vikonnya Zavdan Vorozhi 30-mm shell of BMP ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when , The war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo_2023-03-31_18-28-51.jpg ', ' photo_2023-03-31_18-28-52.jpg ']
Tags: []
Category: News
 The other day, during the fighting in one of the areas of tasks, the enemy 30-mm of the BMP was hit by a warrior, passing through his back, and stuck in a liver serviceman.
About it reports Military MediaCenter.
 Military doctors of the 66th OMB, who work without fatigue daily, which are the best surgeons and specialists, conducted a successful operation and saved the life of the defender. The military serviceman has already returned to the system and, together with his combat-bribes, performs combat missions in positions!
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/vijskovi-medyky-distaly-30-mm-snaryad-ta-vryatuvaly-zhyttya-vijskovosluzhbovczyu/ 
The diplomatic format of relations with the Russian Federation is possible only after the withdrawal of all Russian troops from the territory of Ukraine and with the participation of partner states-Volodymyr Zelenskyy 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-03-31T97:00:00-04:00
Description: President Volodymyr Zelensky, ShO FIKSACII GODSIVE IS AGRESSION VIYIN, Yaku ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 29a3d7f6515ed656364fe6d88398bb9b_1680285395_extra_large.jpeg ', ' 0c0b79afdab52db9d6fa66854085a620_1680287772_wysiwyg.jpeg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВОЛОДИМИР ЗЕЛЕНСЬКИЙ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 President Vladimir Zelensky notes that the fixation of the results of the aggressiveness, which Russia has solved against Ukraine, should take place in a diplomatic way, but only after the withdrawal of all Russian troops from the territory of Ukraine and the presentation of partner countries.
The Head of State stated this during a joint with the leaders of Moldova, Slovakia, Slovenia and Croatia of the press conference as a result of the Buchan Summit, which was in Kiev.
“It will be a fixation of the end of the war. But only at the big table will decent states and a representative of the Russian Federation. I am very strong to tell who at that time will be a representative of the Russian Federation, who without a fight will be released all troops from our territory. Then the diplomatic format begins. But by force we will knock them all to the end, then there is no such people to speak with such people. Because we will lose people will be a lot of casualties. About what then to talk to these people? They must be isolated, unclaimed, ”the President said.
Volodymyr Zelensky recalled that Ukraine proposed the formula of peace with a superstily specific sequence of actions that would lead to the end of the war.
 “Because we want peace. And all that we are talking about when we are going is Ukraine's support. We do not support the war, we support the victory, it is the result. We support peace, ”he said.
According to the Head of State, the statement that Russia intends to place nuclear in Belarus, indicate that the results of the Russian leadership with the leadership of China are unsuccessful for the Russian Federation.
“It was necessary to show some subjectivity that Russia, under the direction of Putin, has completely lost. The second is that the President of Russia needs to show a political steps or victory. And he could not do this on the battlefield. They started this bloody war, but it is clear what he would become, ”Volodymyr Zelenskyy explained.
Answering questions about the dialogue with the head of the Chinese People's Republic, Xi Jinping, the President noted that today it is important to attract as many countries as possible, including those who do not have a clear position on the support of Ukraine in the war.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/dyplomatychnyj-format-vidnosyn-iz-rf-mozhlyvyj-lyshe-pislya-vyvedennya-vsih-rosijskyh-vijsk-iz-terytoriyi-ukrayiny-j-za-uchastyu-derzhav-partneriv-volodymyr-zelenskyj/ 
Zelensky has imposed sanctions against Bogslaev and a number of individuals and legal entities from Russia and Iran 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-104:14:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T15:14:00+03:00
Description: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky put into effect the decision of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine on the application and amendments to personal special economic and other restrictive measures (sanctions). - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16638... "]
Tags: ['РНБО', 'Санкції', 'Зеленський']
Type: Article
 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky entered into force a decision(sanctions).
Як передає Укрінформ, в Published by the President of State, it is: “To put into force the decision of the National Security Council and Defense of Ukraine of April 1, 2023“ On the application and amendments of pre -stamping special economic and other restrictive measures(sanctions)»(attached)”.
The control over the implementation of the NSDC decision is vested in the secretary of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine.
Read also: According to the NSDC decision, personal special economic and computing measures are used(sanctions)to a number of individuals and legal entities from Russia Tairan.
In particular, sanctions are applied to 240 individuals, including former Motor Sich President Vyacheslav Boguslaev, accused of Ukraine in the state.
Up to 155 legal entities are also applied. The sanctions will have been in force for 10 years.
In addition, amendments were made to Annex 1 to the decision of the National Security Council of Ukraine of October 19, 2022 “On the application and amendments of pre -personal special economic and other restrictive measures(sanctions)», Introduced by the Presidential Decree of October 19, 2022 № 726/2022.
Read also: Also on the site of the Head of State published a decree , according to which, 33 individuals who are citizens of Russian federation are applied.
Sanctions of up to 225 legal entities, in particular to joint -stock companies "Information Satellite Systems" named after Academician M.F. Reshetnyova "," Plastmas plant "," Kazan motor -building industrial association "," Armavir Electrotechnical Plant "," Dubnensky Plant of Communication Engineering ".
As reported by Ukrinform, the President of Ukraine by Decree No. 145/2023 entered into force on the decision of the SPRO of March 10, 2023 on sanctions against individuals and legal entities related, in particular with bookmaker and lottery business.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690307-zelenskij-vviv-sankcii-proti-boguslaeva-ta-nizki-fizicnih-ta-uridicnih-osib-z-rosii-ta-iranu.html 
Barcelona defeated La League in Elche Outsider 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-11:51:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T23:51:00+03:00
Description: Barcelona players on the away defeat "Elche" in the 27th round of the elite division of the Spanish Championship. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Барселона', 'Футбол']
Type: Article
 Barcelona players at the exit caused a devastating defeat of Elche in the 27th Turielite Division of the Spanish Championship.
The match at Estadio Manuel Martinez Valero in Elche ended in favor of the benefits with a score of 4: 0, Ukrinform reports.
The success of the Catalans brought goals of the forwards Robert Lewandowski(20, 66 minutes), Fatie's Ans(56)you ferrana Torresa(70).
Читайте також: Barcelona gained 71 points and continues to lead in the Laliga standings. The second goes the “real”(56), which will host Validolid on April 2. Elche(13)It remains in Primera in the last, 20th place.
Photo: AFP.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690439-barselona-rozgromila-autsajdera-la-ligi-v-elce.html 
Russia left scars in Bucha, but Putin did not break the will of Ukrainians - Yermak 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-133:23:14+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T13:23:14+03:00
Description: Russian troops were scared to Ukrainian souls in Bucha, but Russian President Vladimir Putin did not break the will of Ukrainians. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16588... "]
Tags: ['Буча', 'путін', 'росія', 'Єрмак']
Type: Article
 Russian troops were scared to Ukrainian souls in Bucha, but President of Rfvolodir Putin did not break the will of Ukrainians.
According to Ukrinform, about it in the column for Presidential office Andriy Yermak wrote.
“There is no safety in the Kremlin. Russia has put scars to the Ukrainian souls, but Putin did not break our will, ”he said.
According to Yermak, now Ukrainians are most needed to recognize the world that criminals are governed by the world.
“There should be no place at international tables for those who seek to get a profit from the mass murder of civilians. And the ghosts of Buchch will be the corridors of the United Nations, where the status of Russia as a constant member of the Security Council ridicules the name and purpose of the organization, ”the OPC added.
Read also: Yermak also stressed that Ukrainians will continue to continue to fight.
“We will continue to need weapons and ammunition, and we are gratefully grateful to our friends who helped us to replenish your stocks. We also need tougher sanctions to increase pressure on the Russian elite. The Kremlin kleptocrats seek to be a civilized world, but the only place in civilization is a prison for them, ”he said.
As it was reported, on March 31, 2022, the forces of defense released the city from the Russian invasions that in the Kiev region. Bucha survived 33 days of occupation, law enforcement officers recorded 9000 war crimes committed by invaders.
Foto: Presidential Office 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690260-rosia-zalisila-srami-u-buci-ale-putin-ne-zlamav-volu-ukrainciv-ermak.html 
The Russians in the framework of the "big offensive" failed to accomplish Putin - Yusov's task by April by April 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-135:22:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T13:22:00+03:00
Description: The Russian army could not fulfill the task of President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin in the framework of its so -called "Great offensive" by the end of March. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16746... "]
Tags: ['Донбас', 'путін', 'Розвідка', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The Russian army, as part of its so -called "big offensive", cannot be able to conquer the task of President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin to win the Donetsk Talugansk region by the end of March.
According to Ukrinform, the representative of the Main Directorate of Intelligence of Defense Andriy Yusov in TV said, reports .
"Currently, Ukraine sees the apogee of this campaign, which was called the" new Russian offensive ". However, it is worth reminding both of Ukraine and the world that we have been wearing in the conditions of a full -scale invasion of February 24, 2022. It is a try to demoralize Ukrainian society, as well as demoralize our partners and allies They say, there is such an armada here, for which they give more assistance, "Yusov said.
Read also: According to the GUR representative, "the regular terms and tasks that Putin set before the occupation corps in Ukraine, in particular before Valery Gerasimov after the destination for the war in Ukraine."
Yusov also added that the results of the "Great offensive" can be seen on the battlefield - the number of liquidated Russians and military equipment has increased.
"This means that none of the strategic goals of this shameful war, which the Russians call their, has not been achieved and will be achieved," - emphasized.
Read also: According to Ukrinform, according to British intelligence, Russian military speakers were temporary advantage in the personnel, obtained as a result of the "partial mobilization", as well as the effort to start a general "winter offensive".
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690256-rosiani-u-ramkah-velikogo-nastupu-ne-zumili-do-kvitna-vikonati-zavdanna-putina-usov.html 
Ukraine and Slovakia continued the effect of increased guaranteed capacities for gas imports 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-137:19:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T13:19:00+03:00
Description: Slovak Operator of the GTS EUSTREAM and LLC "Operator of the GTS of Ukraine" agreed to extend the expiry of the increased guaranteed capacities by September 30, 2023. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16221... "]
Tags: ['Газ', 'Імпорт', 'Україна', 'ГТС України', 'Словаччина']
Type: Article
 Slovak Operator of GTS EUSTREAM and LLC "Operator of the GTS of Ukraine" agreed on the term of validity of increased guaranteed capacities by September 30, 2023.
According to Ukrinform, the press service reports .
The company reminded that since February 2022, the OGTSU together with the Slovak partner provides guaranteed capacity for gas imports of 42 million a day instead of 27 million cubic meters, which have been available since 2014.The this step of Slovak colleagues promotes the integration of gas markets, business development and business development. strengthening the safety of gas supply in the region.
“In general, there are now guaranteed imports for imports from the EU countries in the Divorina amount to 54 million cubic meters per day. It is also possible to import additional 4 million cubic meters a day through Moldova and Romania from the southern direction of the Trans -Balkan route, ”OGTSU added.
Read also: In the near future, the OGTSU and the Slovak partner plan to identify short -term medium -term goals and ways for their implementation.
"At this stage of transformation of the European energy system, reforming the gas market of Europe, diversification of sources and routes of supply it is necessary to make the potential of existing gas infrastructure necessary. We are focused on this task," - said Dmitry Lippa CEO.
As it was reported, operators of gas transport systems of Ukraine and Poland have signed a memorandum on cooperation on improvement of interstate pipeline.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690241-ukraina-i-slovaccina-prodovzili-diu-zbilsenih-garantovanih-potuznostej-dla-importu-gazu.html 
UPL called the contenders for the best football player and coach in February-March 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-139:18:11+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T13:18:11+03:00
Description: The Ukrainian Football Premier League announced the names of nominees to recognize the best player and trainer in February and March 2023. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Футбол', "Прем'єр-ліга", 'Україна']
Type: Article
 The Ukrainian Football Premier League has announced the names of the nominees to recognize the best player and trainer in February and March 2023.
Among the players For victory will be launched between George Sudakov("Shakhtar Donetsk), Eduardo Gerrero(Zorya, Lugansk), Taunta Seferi(Vorskla, Poltava)and Ziga Badibang(Chernomorets, Odesa), reports Ukrinform.
The trainers for victory also nominated four - Patrick Van Leuven("Star"), Sergey Kovalets(Ingulets, Petrove), Roman Grigorchuk(Chernomorets)and Igorovich("Miner").
Читайте також: Voting is available on the UPL official website.
Photo: upl.ua.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690257-upl-nazvala-pretendentiv-na-krasogo-futbolista-i-trenera-u-lutomuberezni.html 
Yermak met with the President of the International Gymnastics Federation 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-13:36:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T23:36:00+03:00
Description: Presidential Head Andriy Yermak met with the President of the International Gymnastics Federation Morinari Vatanabe, who is in Ukraine. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... ", " 1680381261-17... ", " 1680381368-49... ", " 1680381304-94... ", " 1680381171-66... ", " 1680381133-40... "]
Tags: ['Японія', 'Гімнастика', 'Олімпіада', 'Санкції', 'Спорт', 'Єрмак', 'Офіс Президента']
Type: Article
 Presidential head Andriy Yermak met with the President of International Federation of Gymnastics Morinari Watanabe, who is in Ukraine.
About it reports , reports Ukrinform.
The meeting was attended by the adviser - the Presidential President for the Rights of the Child Rehabilitation Darius Gerasimchuk, Sister V.O. Commander of the 36th Brigadorsk infantry Sergiy Volynsky Tatiana Kharko, Minister of Youth and Sports Gutzait, Ukrainian athlete, Olympic Oleksa Olenagovorova.
The participants of the meeting told Morinari Watanabe about the aggression committed by Russia's opposing Ukraine, including crimes against Ukrainian children, including violent deportation. Representatives of Ukraine emphasized that the Russian Federation used athletes to promote aggression, so they called for it to support the initiative to prevent Russian and Belarusian athletes to participate in the Volympiad of 2024.
 The head of the Presidential Office noted that 90% of Russian gymnastics representatives are members of the club of the Russian army - CSKA, which is essentially represented by the Russian Russian Federation - exactly those who are involved in bombing, destruction of Ukrainian cities and killings of Ukrainians daily.
“We know that sanctions are the best non -lethal way. Therefore, Ukrainian disposes on the need to continue sanctions. And one of their species is not to give Russian and Belarussian athletes the opportunity to participate in Olympic Gigrams and other international competitions, ”Yermak said.
He stressed that Ukraine seeks to expel Russian troops from its land, to restore territorial integrity. As for persons who support Russian aggression, appropriate steps from all international organizations, including unportable organizations, must be taken.
“I convey the greetings from the President - he sincerely appreciates your personal visit to Dukraine, and especially to consider the information provided within the framework of today's meeting when making a decision on the admission of Russian and Belarusian athletes to participate in competitions. We hope that you will understand our pain, naphutraged, ”Yermak said.
 
As it is noted, Daria Gerasimchuk told in more detail about the crimes of Russia with anti -Ukrainian children. She noted that since the beginning of the full -scale invasion of RF468, young citizens of Ukraine were killed by the Russian aggressor, 944 children had wounded, 13 were raped by Russian military, hundreds of thousands of steady and forcibly exported from Ukraine with further change of citizenship.
 "We understand that Russia pursues its genocide policy for the purpose of selected in Ukraine, to select our children who are most important to us," the adviser - the Presidential Commissioner, stating that almost every Ukrainian child had a psychological trauma from the war.
She told Watanabe the story of the young gymnast Alexandra Pascal, which made her legs as a result of rocket attack by the Russian Federation. According to Mamadivchyk Maria during inclusion, her daughter received numerous injuries of the hassle, she suffered a complex treatment, and most importantly - the loss of licorice to do her favorite gymnastics through amputation. However, the current has a prosthesis and gradually returns to classes.
Maria Pascal also spoke for the removal of Russian athletes of Vidlympic competitions and called on the head of the International Gymnastics Federation to support this call.
The Minister of Youth and Sport in turn stressed that the Russian war of 262 athletes who also dreamed of being on and international championships. The army of Rftt also destroyed 363 sports facilities in Ukraine.
"It is very important for us that at sports competitions and Olympic Games athletes from Russia, because they all support this war and attend sizes that are held in support of this war," Vadim Gutzait stressed, noting that Russian athletes have a form with symbolism This war, the murders of Ukrainian athletes are poor.
Read also: Olena Govorova, for her part, noted that the presence of Russian athletes in international competitions will never understand athletes from Ukraine, who have been lost their relatives and relatives through aggression of the Russian Federation, visited occupation, musilitated in storage facilities or with constant breaks through bombing.
 
Sister V.O. The commander of the 36th Marine Corps of Sergey Volynsky Tetianaharko reminded that the basic principle of the Olympic Games is the support of peaceful world society, and Russia violates it and sends its military to the peaceful Ukrainian population, rape women, children, violates all human rights and rules. . The individual emphasized the issue of prisoners of war, because her brother passed a Russian volon, where he was in inhumane conditions.
 “His brothers return to Ukraine crippled people, they lose up to 40 kg of weight, people in captivity die ... This is all the case of the hands of the Russian Federation. I think that the same ways to stop this horror is to prevent Russia from the Olympic Games. The civilized world should show its true values, ”Kharko said.
Read also: During the meeting, Vatanabe noted that he is a friend of Ukraine and Ukrainian gymnastics. He said that he visited Bucha, where he saw with his own eyes the consequences of the Russian soldiers, communicated with local residents.
“I feel your pain. Those who support the war are deserving of severe punishment, ”the President of the International Gymnastics Federation summarized.
As reported, international federations Despite the recommendations of the IOC to allow them to be international tournaments.
Foto: op 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690436-ermak-zustrivsa-z-prezidentom-miznarodnoi-federacii-gimnastiki.html 
In Ukraine tomorrow will rain, in the afternoon up to 12 ° 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-15:15:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T23:15:00+03:00
Description: In Ukraine, on April 2, it rains, in the Carpathians with snow, temperature at night 4-9 ° heat, in the eastern part and the Carpathians about 0 °, in the afternoon 7-12 °. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16094... "]
Tags: ['Дощ', 'Погода', 'Прогноз']
Type: Article
 In Ukraine, on April 2, it rains, in the Carpathians with snow, temperature at night 4-9 ° heat, in the eastern part and the Carpathians about 0 °, in the afternoon 7-12 °.
Ukrinform was reported at the Ukrainian Hydrometeorological Center.
" , in the Carpathians with wet snow, only the ends of the night without precipitation. Wind southeast, in the day in the western holes of the Northwest, 5-10 m/s. At night 4-9 ° heat, in the east part and the Carpathians about 0 °; In the afternoon 7-12 °, in the south of the country and Transcarpathia up to 15 °, " - the message reads.
In Kiev and the region on Sunday, rain is forecast. Southeast wind, 5-10m/s. In the capital, the temperature at night is 7-9 °, in the daytime about 10 °, in Kyiv region at night4-9 ° heat, in the afternoon 7-12 °.
According to the forecast, a moderate, in the southern regions, April 3 is expected at night(In the afternoon in Ukraine)light rain, in the west of the country with wet snow; On April 4, in the western, northern, places of the central regions a small wet, in the southern regions(afternoon and on the Right Bank)moderate rain; on the different power without significant precipitation.
On the roads of the western part of the country in places of ice. The wind is predominant-west, 7-12 m/s, in the southern, April 3 and in the western regions gusts of 15-20 m/s.
Temperature in the southern and eastern parts of the country at night 1-6 ° warm, day10-15 °(April 4 in Odessa and Mykolaiv region 5-10 ° heat); in the western part of April 3 at 0 °, April 4, 1-6 ° Frost, in the Carpathians up to 10 ° frost, 1-6 ° heat in the afternoon; In the rest of the territory at night, on April 3, 1-6 ° C, April 4, 0 °, in the afternoon 3-8 ° heat.
In Kiev and the region on April 3, it is moderate at night, light rain in the afternoon, April 4 is likely to have light wet snow, in the afternoon, moderate rain. The wind is predominant, 7-12 m/s. In the capital on April 3, the temperature at night 3-5 ° heat, in the afternoon 5-7 °, April 4 at night about 0 °, in the afternoon 3-5 ° heat; in Kyiv region at night 3-6 ° heat, April 4 from 2 ° heat to 3 ° frost; in the afternoon 3-8 ° heat.
Forecasters are forecasting on April 5-6 in Ukraine, sometimes rain, in the western, Zhytomyr and Vinnytsia regions with wet snow, only in Transcarpathia, on the night of April 5, and in the afternoon, in the afternoon on April 6 and in the southern regions without precipitation.
Read also: 
In Kiev and the region is expected moderate, light on April 6th. Ugly temperature at night 2-4 ° heat, in the afternoon 7-9 °; In Kyiv region at night 0-5 ° heat, in the afternoon 5-10 °.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690324-v-ukraini-zavtra-dositime-vden-do-12.html 
We know who will play Svitolin at the Charleston Tournament 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-17:09:18+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T23:09:18+03:00
Description: Angelina Kalinina and Lesya Turenko will also be based on the tournament. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Світоліна', 'Теніс']
Type: Article
 Tournament will also be based on Angelina Kalinina and Lesya Turenko.
There was a draw of the main grid of the WTA 500 soil tournament in Charleston, press service, Ukrinform reports.
In the first round, the foundations of Ukrainian Elina Svitolina will compete with Kazakhstan's anti -representative Yulia Putintseva. Earlier, the Ukrainian won 6 out of 8 eyewitnesses. The winner of the meeting in the second circle will play against the seventh sowed ekaterina Alexandrov.
Another Ukrainian Angelina Kalinina, who received the 11th number of sowing of the re-organizers, at the start is designed by Anna Kalinskaya, who has previously played two matches out of three.
Lesya Tsurenko will compete in the first round against the rival in qualification.
Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, Svitolina returns to the tour after the annual pause related to pregnancy and the birth of her daughter, Elina will play for the second time in the man: in 2014 she reached the third circle, giving way to Belindibenchich.
Photo: btu.org.ua
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690431-vidomo-z-kim-zigrae-svitolina-na-turniri-u-carlstoni.html 
Ukrenergo's head named four preparation components by next winter 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-20:57:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T22:57:00+03:00
Description: Four key components are needed to prepare the power system of Ukraine for the next winter and probable terrorist attacks. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16711... "]
Tags: ['Енергетика', 'Опалювальний сезон', 'Укренерго', 'Кудрицький']
Type: Article
 The preparation of the power system of Ukraine for the next winter and the probable terrorist attack by Russia requires four key components.
According to Ukrinform, the only news of the Teleterna "One News" The chairman of the board of NEC "Ukrenergo" Volodymyrkudrytsky
Such key components are physical protection of energy objects, renewal of generation, equipment and finance.
“We are actively preparing for the next winter and make decisions that will allow our facilities to protect. And we are very grateful to the State Agency for the restoration of infrastructure of Ukraine, with which we cooperate in this to protect the medical infrastructure and critically important energy objects, ” - said Krudytsky.
Read also: According to him, the plan is to have time to the next Significantly strengthen energy protection and make substations more resistant to shocks.
In addition to physical protection of objects, it is also important to restore generation-hydro-, thermal power plants, preparation of thermal power plants for winter.
“It is also important to regulate and bring to Ukraine the sufficient amount of equipment that is required for repair of networks, power plants. The cost of money is also important to repair damaged energy, substations, networks. These key components should be present in order to prepare and have passed the next winter without such stress and such large -scale distracts that were last season, ”Kudrytsky summed up.
Read also: As , Ukrenergo NEC has signed an ENTSO-E European Energy Union with 15 systemic operators that will allow the company to seek the help of inventory situations.
Foto: DTEK 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690430-golova-ukrenergo-nazvav-cotiri-komponenti-pidgotovki-do-nastupnoi-zimi.html 
Translator for an English -language version of the site 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-22:36:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T22:36:00+03:00
Description: Ukrainian National Information Agency Ukrinform is looking for an translator for the English -language version of the site (full employment, official employment). - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16762... "]
Tags: ['Укрінформ']
Type: Article
 Ukrainian National Information Agency Ukrinform is looking for a translator of the English -language version of the site(full employment, official employment).
Робота полягає в перекладі новинних повідомлень та інших інформаційнихматеріалів з української на англійську.
Вимоги: 
Заробітна плата - в залежності від кваліфікації і досвіду роботи.
Можлива дистанційна робота, але виключно на території України. Подачадокументів на працевлаштування - у Києві особисто.
Резюме можна надсилати на пошту 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3677239-ukrinform-vidkrivae-vakansiu-perekladaca-dla-anglomovnoi-versii-sajtu.html 
Khizhnyak won the boxing tournament in Lithuania 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-24:20:18+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T22:20:18+03:00
Description: In the finals, the Ukrainian was stronger than Kazakhstan Janibek Kartbayev. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Бокс', 'Олександр Хижняк']
Type: Article
 In the finals, the Ukrainian was stronger than Kazakhstan Janibek Kartbayev.
Ukrainian boxer Oleksandr Khizhniak won the International class of classa in Kaunas, Lithuania, Ukrinform reports.
In the weight of 80 kg in the finals, he opposed Kazakhstan Janibek Kartbayev.
In the second round, the Ukrainian sent his opponent to the knockdown.
The battle lasted all three rounds, eventually a unanimous decision of the judges victory.
Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, Ukrainian Yurzakhareev won at the same tournament "Gold".
Photo: Getty Image
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690428-hiznak-vigrav-bokserskij-turnir-u-litvi.html 
The General Staff of the Armed Forces congratulated the Air Force of Britain on the 105th anniversary of creation 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-26:17:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T22:17:00+03:00
Description: The General Staff of the Armed Forces congratulated the Air Force of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland with the 105th anniversary of the creation. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Авіація', 'Британія', 'Генштаб', 'ЗСУ']
Type: Article
 The Armed Forces of the Armed Forces congratulated the Air Force of the United Kingdom of Stavlya Britain and Northern Ireland with the 105th anniversary of the creation.
According to Ukrinform, the General Staff of the Armed Forces reports in .
"1 квітня 2023 року, Збройні Сили України вітають колег та колежанок, друзівта подруг, союзників та союзниць із Королівських Повітряних Сил Збройних СилСполученого Королівства Великої Британії та Північної Ірландії з 105річницею!", - ідеться у повідомленні.
У зв'язку з цим у Генштабі наводять слова головного маршала авіаціїКоролівських Повітряних сил сера Майка Вігстона. "Україна є життєво важливимвипробуванням нашої спільної рішучості протистояти неспровокованомузалякуванню та агресії. Це також життєво важливе повідомлення для всього світу– далеко за межами безпеки Європи – де інші союзники та партнери стикаються зпостійними, а іноді й екзистенційними загрозами з боку державних і недержавнихучасників та проксі сил", - відзначив він під час Глобальної конференціїкомандувачів повітряних та космічних сил, яка відбулася у 2022 році.
Віддаючи належне надзвичайній стійкості українських сил та використанню нимиповітряно-космічної техніки, сер Вігстон зазначив, що це різко контрастує зросійськими агресорами, яким непосильно зберегти повітряний контроль, поприперевагу технологій і ресурсів. Він констатував, що неспроможність інвестуватиу своїх людей призвела до того, що російські сили втратили переваги у війні,які можна здобути лише шляхом інтенсивної роботи та навчання з партнерами.
Читайте також: It is noted that after the start of the full -scale war of the Airborne Air Force of the AFC, the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of Taldy Ireland flew over 1,200,000 km and fulfilled more than 1000 missions, delivering humanitarian and military assistance to Ukrainians, carrying vital equipment and personnel. This equivalent flight around the globe is more than 30 times.
Among other things, 1.9 million rounds were transported, more than 25 thousand sets of armor, more than 86 thousand helmets and 5.5 thousand units of anti -tank .
As reported by Ukrinform, in the United Kingdom Ukrainian military Survive the weather and hide the snow.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690427-genstab-zsu-privitav-povitrani-sili-britanii-zi-105u-ricniceu-stvorenna.html 
The Russians fired two communities in Sumy region 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-29:58:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T21:58:00+03:00
Description: On Saturday, April 1, the Russian army fired at the Belopilsk and Essman communities in the Sumy region, using SAU, mortars and AGS. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_14795... "]
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Сумщина', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 Subsbota, on April 1, the Russian army fired at the Belopilsk and Esman community of Sumy region, using SAU, mortars and AGS.
About it reports Sumy Ova in , reports Ukrinform.
As it is noted, the enemy fired the Essman community with the SAU - 7 ulcers were recorded.
Read also: The Belopolsk community fired from the territory of the Russian Federation from mortar(29 explosions), as well as firing with AGS - 10 shots.
According to Ova, it went without consequences.
Read also: As it was reported, during the day of March 31 the invaders fired at the territory of the Novgorod, Belopil, Khotinsk and Esman communities of the Sumy region. At night, the Russian artillery fired at the middle-and-Buda community.
Photo illustrative
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690424-rosiani-obstrilali-dvi-gromadi-na-sumsini.html 
Ukrainian Zakhareev became the winner of boxing tournament in Kaunas 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-31:54:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T21:54:00+03:00
Description: Boxing World Champion, Ukrainian Yuri Zakhareev, won the Algardas Shotsytsas International Tournament in Lithuanian Kaunas. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Бокс']
Type: Article
 Boxing Championship-2021 Ukrainian Yuri Zakhareev won the Algirdas Shootsikas International Turner in Lithuanian Kaunas.
In the final of the weight category up to 71 kg Zakhareyev won Cesar Zakiyech from Poland, Ukrinform reports.
Read also: As it was reported, thanks to the success in the quarterfinals over the compatriot Maximimolodan the pupil of Odesa Zakhareev made his way to European Games-2023 Polyshchi, where licenses for Olympic Games-2024 will be played.
Photo: fbu.org.ua.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690423-ukrainec-zahareev-vigrav-bokserskij-turnir-u-litvi.html 
Zelensky told about a week of positive news to protect Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-33:42:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T21:42:00+03:00
Description: President Volodymyr Zelensky is grateful to international partners for this week's decisions aimed at helping Ukraine in the defense and financial spheres. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16772... "]
Tags: ['Франція', 'Макрон', 'Зеленський', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The Presidential Lordist of Zelensky is grateful to international partners for the approved weekly, aimed at assisting Ukraine in the defense and financial spheres.
He said in , reports Ukrinform.
"In general, the week has given a number of positive news for Ukraine, for our protection to protect the normal life of all free nations," the Head of State said.
In particular, he thanked Germany for the new steps in defensive support, Croatia - for the next package of military assistance, Northern Macedonia - for the decisions of the helicopters, Slovakia and Slovenia.
Read also: Zelensky is grateful to Canada for financial support - the funds have already received the funds of Ukraine.
He also thanked the IMF for the new program for Ukraine: "The program has been approved. Obligat - more than 15 billion. This will help us to protect social stability."
In addition, the President thanked France for his unchanged support.
Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, . The Ukrainian leader informed the interlocutor about the situation on the front.
The presidents also discussed further steps to implement the formula of peace tascoordered in the context of the immediate international events.
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690418-zelenskij-rozpoviv-pro-tizden-pozitivnih-novin-dla-zahistu-ukraini.html 
APL: "Chelsea" gave way to "Aston Willy" 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-35:35:24+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T21:35:24+03:00
Description: Mudryk did not use a few opportunities to be marked by his debut goal in England. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Челсі', 'Футбол', 'АПЛ']
Type: Article
 Mudryk has not been used by a few opportunities to distinguish his debut goal in England.
Chelsea lost Aston Villa in the 29th round of the English Premier League-2: 0, Ukrinform reports.
The London club attacked much more, but missed two goals to the 56th minute, noted Wotkins and McGinn.
Mudryk spent his eighth match for Chelsea. The first opportunity to distinguish the wise in the sixth minute. The Ukrainian intercepted the ball after the goalkeeper's mistake, but he hit the penalty area with Emiliano Martinez.
Another sharp moment came from Michael already at the expense of 1: 0 in favor of the guests. Vinti ran out of date with Martinez, but from the line of the criminal zone of a stacking stroke for the goalkeeper.
In the 57th minute, the head coach of Blue Graham Potter replaced the Ukrainian.
After replacing the situation on the field did not change - Aston Villa proved the match from the score of 2: 0.
Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, in another match, Arsenal was defeated by Lids.
Photo: Getty Image
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690420-apl-celsi-postupivsa-aston-villi.html 
The court sent the Metropolitan of UOC -MP Paul under house arrest for 60 days 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-37:31:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T21:31:00+03:00
Description: The Shevchenkivsky District Court of Kyiv chose a measure of restraint by the governor of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra Metropolitan of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Moscow Patriarchate Pavel in the form of 24-hour house arrest for 60 days. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Домашній арешт', 'Суд', 'УПЦ МП']
Type: Article
 The Shevchenkivsky District Court of Kyiv chose a measure of restraint by the governor of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra Metropolitan of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Moscow Patriarchate Pavel in the form of 24-hour house arrest for 60 days.
This was reported by Ukrinform correspondent.
The court obliged the Metropolitan to wear an electronic bracelet.
As reported by Ukrinform, the Shevchenkivsky District Court of Kyiv, which considers the election of a measure of restraint by Metropolitan Pavel, .
Read also: Subsequently, the court postponed a meeting on the election of a preventive measure to the governor of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra at 18.30 on April 1 and .
The Security Service of Ukraine in the morning of April 1 . In his house were searched.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690409-sud-vidpraviv-mitropolita-upc-mp-pavla-pid-domasnij-arest-na-60-dib.html 
In Mariupol, invaders are intensely patrol the streets: looking for participants in the resistance movement 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-39:20:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T21:20:00+03:00
Description: In Mariupol, the invaders continue the strengthening of the streets after the collaboration machine explosion, the invaders are looking for participants in the resistance movement. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16684... "]
Tags: ['Маріуполь', 'Національний спротив', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 Umariupoli invaders continue the strengthening of the streets after an explosive collaborator, the invaders are looking for participants in the resistance movement.
This was reported in Advisor to the mayor Andryushchenko, reports Ukrinform.
“Increased streets patrol does not end. Rosgvardia is still looking for a member of Mmariupol's resistance that they "easily reported" to the resuscitation of the top-catamariupols from Russian. Well, without results, ”the testimony reads.
Read also: Andryushchenko also published , on an echo, a large number of security forces on the streets of the city.
“This is how to cleanse in Mariupol from the middle. Searches, documents check, total control. In such circumstances, the risk of every minute, our Mariupols collect data on the occupiers, their base and movement. They provide the Karunae -Bester from the Armed Forces and minus the top mrazota, ”the mayor adviser wrote.
Read also: According to the Mariupol City Council, on March 27, the city of one of the local leaders of the occupying troops was blown up in the city. The purpose of the resistance forces was Mikhail Moskvin, the head of the so -called "police". This person is responsible for the organization of filtration measures that brought to the mass arrests of the city's civilian population. After blasting, the carmagvin is in the hospital.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690263-u-mariupoli-zagarbniki-posileno-patruluut-vulici-sukaut-ucasnikiv-ruhu-sprotivu.html 
President: Systemic responsibility for the deportation of children from Ukraine is expected for Russia 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-41:12:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T21:12:00+03:00
Description: The OSCE launched a work on the International Report on Deportation and an Attempts to Assimilate Ukrainian Children by Russia, which is a step in the systematic responsibility of the aggressor state for this crime. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16772... "]
Tags: ['Депортація', 'Діти', 'ОБСЄ', 'Зеленський', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 She has been working on the international report on deportation and attempt to assimilate Ukrainian children by Russia, which is a step in the systematic responsibility of the aggressor state for this crime.
This was reported by Volodymyr Zelenskyy in On the occasion of the 402nd day of the war.
"Under the OSCE, work on the first separate international report began to be administered by the violent deportation of Russian children and attempts by the abrasion of our children ... Russia is committing it systematically and calculated, the supra. It is involved, "the President said.
Video: Zelensky emphasized that this crime of the Russian Federation is one of the most cynical and anti -human crimes of our time.
Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, 45 OSCE countries with the support of Ukraine activated such a "Moscow mechanism" in order to respond to the forced movement of Ukrainian to the Russian Federation against the background of violations of the right -hand and humanitarian consequences of the aggressive war of Russia against Ukraine.
Foto: op 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690416-prezident-na-rosiu-ocikue-sistemna-vidpovidalnist-na-deportaciu-ditej-z-ukraini.html 
US Congress agreed to sell Poland 800 hellfire missiles 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-43:04:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T21:04:00+03:00
Description: The US Congress approved Poland's purchase of 800-controlled Air-Earth anti-tank missiles Hellfire. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_14522... "]
Tags: ['Польща', 'Ракета', 'Конгрес США', 'Маріуш Блащак']
Type: Article
 The US Congress approved Poland's purchase of 800-controlled Air-Earth anti-tank missiles Hellfire.
About it in Viceremier-Minister, Polish National Defense Minister Mariusblashchak wrote, Ukrinform reports.
“The US Congress approved the purchase of 800 Poland Hellfire, which will be equipped with Polish supports AW149 Attache. We start negotiating about the price, ”Blaschak wrote.
Read also: It is known that AGM-114 Hellfire is a controlled anti-tank missile of the Air-Earth class. It is used from helicopters, aircraft, unmanned vehicles, land vehicles.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690414-kongres-ssa-pogodivsa-prodati-polsi-800-raket-hellfire.html 
The presidency of Russia in the UN Council proves bankruptcy institutions - Zelensky 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-46:58:40+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T20:58:40+03:00
Description: The state, through the shelling of which children die, cannot preserve the organ that provides peace. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16796... "]
Tags: ['ООН', 'Зеленський', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The state, through the shelling of which children die, cannot preserve in the body that provides.
This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in , Ukrinform correspondent reports.
"Yesterday, the Russian army killed another Ukrainian child-a five-month-old man, he was called Danilo. From Avdiivka, in the Donbass, along with his parents. Parents. In the UN Security Council. It is difficult to imagine something that proves more fully bankruptcy of such institutions, "he said.
Read also: According to the President, Russia has made all possible forms of terror. And the presidency of the state-state in the UN Security Council testifies to the ripe reform of this Global Institution-"that the terrorist state and any other state that wants to be a terrorist could not destroy peace."
"Terrorists have to lose, they must be responsible for terror, not presented anywhere," Zelensky said.
As it was reported, the presidency in the UN Security Council is changing every month alternately. In January, Japan presented, in February - Malta, in March - mobic, in April according to plan - Russia, in May - Switzerland, in June - the UAE.
Read also: Foreign Minister of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba .
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3690413-golovuvanna-rosii-v-radbezi-oon-dovodit-bankrutstvo-institucii-zelenskij.html 
Ukraine plans to become a Europe's hub in renewable energy development 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-48:54:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T20:54:00+03:00
Description: Ukraine plans to become a hub of Europe in the development of renewable energy, especially solar and wind generations, as well as hydrogen technologies and bioenergy. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... ", " 1680351934-21... "]
Tags: ['Енергетика', 'Міненерго', 'Німеччина']
Type: Article
 Ukraine plans to become a hub of Europe in the development of renewable energy, perdent and wind generations, as well as hydrogen technologies and bioenergy.
According to Ukrinform, the Deputy Minister of Energy of Ukraine Yaroslav Demchenkov said during a meeting with the State Ministry of European Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Germany Anna Lurmann, reports .
"Ukraine can become a hub of the sustainable energy of Europe, and we set ourselves as ambitious goals within our renewal programs for the restoration of the energy sector," Demchenkov said.
 Read also: It is noted that during the meeting, the parties discussed the directions of increasing the dilateral cooperation and emphasizing the need to accelerate the process of a green transition during the reconstruction of the energy sector of Ukraine.
As it was reported, the Ministry of Energy has developed and in the near future will publicize the concept of the State Target Program for Supporting Distribution Generation from Renewable Energy Sources(RES).
Фото: Міненерго
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690309-ukraina-planue-stati-habom-evropi-u-rozvitku-vidnovluvanoi-energetiki.html 
FHU named the best players of the Ukrainian Championship 2022/23 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-50:50:21+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T20:50:21+03:00
Description: The country's champion became the Falcon. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['хокей']
Type: Article
 The champion of Ukraine became Kiev "Falcon".
The Hockey Federation of Ukraine The winners in individual nominations on the results of the 2022/23 season, Ukrinform reports.
The final list presents hockey players of four teams - "Kremenchuk", "Legion", "Falcon" and "Dnipro".
The scorer of the championship - Vitaliy doll(Kremenchuk)The best young player is Andrey Krivonozhkin("Legion")The best goalkeeper is Edward Zakharchenko(Dnipro)The best defender is Yevgeny Town Hall(Dnipro)The best forward is Sergei Babinets("Falcon")The most useful player of the regular championship(MVP)- Vitaliy doll(Kremenchuk)The most useful player in the playoff(MVP)- Sergey Babinets("Falcon") Read also: According to Ukrinform, the champion of the country became "Falcon", which in the finale of the playofogging "Kremenchuk". Third place - in Dnipro.
Photo: fhu.com.ua
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690410-fhu-nazvala-najkrasih-gravciv-cempionatu-ukraini-202223.html 
In Ternopil, almost half a million hryvnias were collected for Azov trucks 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-52:48:25+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T20:48:25+03:00
Description: In Ternopil, almost half a million hryvnias were collected at the concert in one evening - for trucks for Azov. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Аукціон', 'Автомобіль', 'Концерт', 'ЗСУ', 'Гроші', 'Благодійність', 'Тернопіль']
Type: Article
 Uternopol at the concert raised nearly half a million hryvnias in one evening - loads for Azov.
This was reported in Pokrova Charitable Foundation, Ukrinform reports.
"Ternopil helps the NSU Brigade" Azov ". At the charity evening" Power of the People "in the Palace of Culture" Berezil "managed to collect 472 382 hryvnias," - the presentation reads.
According to the organizers, these are funds proceeds from the sale of tickets to the west of the auction and from charitable boxes in the hall.
Read also: "Huge gratitude to all talented artists who are on The principles, for free were named Nazakhi. They helped to collect funds by volunteers from the Taruta bands from Kiev OT VINTA from Rivne, Ternopil Svitozary, Svitozary, duo "Virgin", band "Babi" Ternopil, Lisapetet Battalion, Lesiksam / Lesyksam, "
Honored artists of Ukraine Volodymyr Verminsky and Vasylkhlystun, People's Artist of Ukraine, humorist Grits Drapak also joined.
It is reported that the funds will go for the purchase of four trucks for the Azov brigade.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690408-u-ternopoli-zibrali-majze-piv-miljona-griven-na-vantazivki-dla-azovu.html 
Zelensky has imposed sanctions against more than 650 individuals and legal entities working on Russian aggression 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-54:41:26+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T20:41:26+03:00
Description: In Ukraine, the sanction list has been replenished with more than 650 individuals and legal entities working for Russian aggression, including Russian officials, MIC and collaborators. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16789... "]
Tags: ['Санкції', 'Зеленський', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The sanction list has been replenished with more than 650 physical and legal persons who work for Russian aggression, including Russian officials, MIC companies and collaborators.
This was reported by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in , Ukrinform correspondent reports.
"He has signed two decrees on sanctions against those who work for Russian aggression. This is the officials of the aggressor state, its MIC-hundreds of companies-and collaborators. There will be more than 650 new sanctions. The NSDC will continue this work. Terrorists, working on them, supplies or produces a terror for terror - none of responsibility will be avoided, "the head of the state emphasized.
Read also: He also recalled that this week, Switzerland joined the Ten EU -Bank. The President emphasized the importance of the fact that the state in the military-political sense of the state "occupy a clear moral position to Russian terror, to the destruction of the global order, based on the rules."
The Head of State thanked Switzerland for the decision, noting that only in unity can keep peace as the basis of international relations.
Read also: Zelensky also stressed that those who have launched and wage the war against Ukraine and international order are awaiting lawsuits, and a terrorist state is insulation.
As reported by Ukrinform, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy .
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690406-zelenskij-vviv-sankcii-proti-bils-ak-650-fizicnih-i-uridicnih-osib-aki-pracuut-na-agresiu-rf.html 
A law on e-residents began to be in force in Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-56:26:17+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T20:26:17+03:00
Description: The law on e-residents began, which would allow foreign IT specialists to become entrepreneurs in Ukraine and pay taxes online. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Бізнес', 'Україна', 'Мінцифри']
Type: Article
 To begin a law on e-residentiality, which will allow foreign IT specialists to become entrepreneurs in Ukraine and pay taxes online.
This was reported Ministry of digital transformation, Ukrinform reports.
The Ministry of Defense states that after approval of all the necessary additional legal framework, foreign IT specialists will be able to become entrepreneurs of Ukraine and pay taxes on the state budget-all online.
Nowadays, the authorities are testing a service by which foreigners will be able to apply for the status of a resident.
"Upon completion of testing, we plan to attract about 1000 e-residents.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-nacbank), which will help to start the project fully. It is about the possibility of transferring funds to their own expense abroad in currency, ”said Deputy Minister of Digital Transformation on Development ITolexander Bornyakov.
Read also: According to him, the project will bring additional profits for the budget and promote Ukraine as the world IT Brand and grow its positions in international ratings, including Doing Business.
The launch of the project of e-residents will allow foreigners in several clicks to become entrepreneurs in Ukraine; remotely manage your business with modern technologies, open bank accounts and manage them; sign documents by electronic signature; Pay taxes on preferential audits.
According to the law, entrepreneurs who have income in Ukraine cannot become e-residents. Citizens of Russia and countries in the "gray" or "black" listff, also cannot become e-residents.
Read also: 
In March the NBU E-resident's right to open current accounts with the bank. Photo: Minisfra
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3690402-v-ukraini-pocav-diati-zakon-pro-erezidentstvo.html 
Today the terrorist state began to preside in the UN Council-Zelensky 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-58:16:38+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T20:16:38+03:00
Description: Today, the terrorist state began to preside in the UN Council, and yesterday the Russian army killed another Ukrainian child. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Звернення', 'Зеленський', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The present-day terrorist state began to preside in the UN Security Council, and yesterday the Russian Army appeared another Ukrainian child.
About it in your President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said, Ukrinform reports.
_ I wish health, dear Ukrainians! _
He signed two decrees on sanctions against those who work for Russian aggression.
These are officials of the aggressor state, its MIC-hundreds of companies-and collaborators. There is more than 650 new sanctions.
The NSDC will continue this work. And none of those who help terrorists work, supplies or produces weapons for terror - none of the responsibility.
Blocking of terror accomplices, isolation of a terrorist state, its defeat and judicial processes are what awaits everyone who has begun and wages a war against Ukraine in international order.
By the way, this week, Switzerland joined the tenth sanction packet.
This is important when the states that are neutral in the military-political sense, they still take a clear moral position to Russian terror, to the destruction of the Rosiyglobal Order based on the rules.
Only in unity can we maintain peace as the basis of international relations, and I thank Veszerland for the relevant decisions.
He spoke with French President Emmanuel Macron today. Very detailed, an hour. About the situation on the front, about our interaction political, about how we peace in the implementation of the Ukrainian formula of peace. I thank France for unchanged support.
In general, the week has given a number of positive news for Ukraine, for our protection to protect the normal life of all free nations.
Within the framework of the OSCE, work on the first separate international report began to be administered by the violent deportation of Russian children and attempts to be abused by our children.
This crime of Russia is one of the most cynical and anti -human crimes of our time.
Russia commits it systematically and calculated, at the state level. Systemic will be responsible for him. Responsibility of Russia as the state and all who are involved.
I thank Germany for the new steps in the defensive support that have been made this week.I thank Canada for financial support, the funds have already been received from the state budget of Ukraine.
I thank the IMF for the new program for Ukraine. The program has been approved. The volume is more than 15 billion. This will help us to protect social stability.
Unfortunately, we also have the news obviously absurd and destructive. Today, the terrorist state has begun to preserve the UN Security Council.
Yesterday, the Russian army killed another Ukrainian child - a five -month -old man, he was called Danilo. From Avdiivka, in the Donbass, with his parents. Parents. Russian artillery ... One of the hundreds of artillery shelling, as a terrorist-terrorist, performs daily.
And at the same time Russia presides in the UN Security Council.
It is difficult to imagine something that proves more fully bankruptcy of such institutions ...
There is no such form of terror that is not yet made by Russia. And there will be no such cause that will stop the reform of global institutions, in particular the UN Security Council, which is obviously ripe-that the terrorist state and any other state that wants to be a terrorist could not destroy peace.
Terrorists must lose, should be responsible for terror, not presented anywhere.
Glory to all who are in battle now!
I thank everyone who helps Ukraine. Who protects the international order based on the rules!Thank you all who save and help save our people after wounds from Russian shelling!
Eternal memory of all adults and children whose lives have taken away terror of Russia!
_ Glory to Ukraine! _
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690401-sogodni-derzavaterorist-pocala-golovuvati-v-radbezi-oon-zelenskij.html 
"Prometheus" in the second match of the quarterfinals of the Latvian-Estonian league gave way 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-60:09:39+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T20:09:39+03:00
Description: The decisive third meeting of the quarterfinals of the SIV will take place on April 3 in Riga. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Баскетбол']
Type: Article
 The decisive third meeting of the quarterfinals of the SIV will take place on April 3 in Riga.
In the second match of the 1/4 finals of the Latvian -Estonian Basketball League, the Estonian Volmsi defeated the Ukrainian Prometheus - 107: 105 2ot, Ukrinform reports.
It took two overtime to determine the winner. As a result of "Virmsi" managed to sensionally beat Prometheus "(107:105, 2 OT)and compare the account of allia(1:1).
Вирішальна третя зустріч пройде 3 квітня у Ризі, а фінал чотирьох відбудеться7–8 квітня у Таллінні. Якщо «Прометей» вийде у півфінал, то зіграє там із«Тарту» (Estonia). В іншій парі за вихід у фінал зустрінуться «Калев»(Estonia)But the Riga's boat(Latvia).
Читайте також: As reported by Ukrinform, the fight in the quarterfinals lasts up to two victories of the Urals. The first match took place on March 25, it was won by Prometheus(91:69)He also learned in the series(1:0).
Фото: Getty Image
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690398-prometej-u-drugomu-matci-cvertfinalu-latvijskoestonskoi-ligi-postupivsa-vijmsi.html 
A resident of Kharkiv region who exploded on a stretch was hospitalized with selling wounds 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-63:56:38+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T19:56:38+03:00
Description: A resident of Kharkiv region, who was blown on a stretch in his yard, was hospitalized with fragments of head and thigh. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16094... "]
Tags: ['Міна', 'Вибух', 'Харківщина', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The residents of Kharkiv region, which was blown on a stretch in his yard, was hospitalized with fragmentation of the head and thigh.
This was reported in Directorate of the SESS of Kharkiv region, reports Ukrinform.
"On April 1, in the Izium district, Savinsky TG, Dovgalivka village, a man in 1964, the birth was exploded on an unknown subject(Stretching). З діагнозом "мінно-вибухова травма, закрита черепно-мозкова травма, осколкове поранення обличчя зліва та лівого стегна" йогогоспіталізували до обласної клінічної лікарні", - зазначають у рятувальномувідомстві.
Читайте також: As it was reported, in Kharkiv region a man exploded in his own yard.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690397-zitela-harkivsini-akij-pidirvavsa-na-roztazci-gospitalizuvali-z-oskolkovimi-poranennami.html 
In an accident with a truck in Odesa region the couple was killed 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T-9:54:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T23:54:00+03:00
Description: Two people were killed in the Berezov district of Odessa region as a result of the collision of a car with a truck. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... ", " 1680381869-53... ", " 1680381886-35... "]
Tags: ['ДТП', 'Одещина', 'Загибель', 'Вантажівка']
Type: Article
 The Ubereziv district of the Odessa region was killed by two people as a result of the collision of the car.
About it reports Odessa region, reports Ukrinform.
The accident happened on the Kiev - Odesa highway near the village of Stara Mayaki.
"According to preliminary information, the driver of the Daewoo Lanos car, trying to go around the obstacle, did not cope with driving and collided with a driving car DAF, which was riding. The police.
 It is noted that the 30-year-old truck driver, a resident of Vinnytsia region, was not becoming.
 The issue of entering information in the Unified Register of Pre -trial Investigations under Part 3 of Art. 286 of the Criminal Code(Violation of traffic safety or operation by persons who manage transmission facilities that caused the death of several persons).
Читайте також: As In Chernihiv, two people were killed in a road accident.
Foto: od.npu.gov.ua 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690438-u-dtp-z-vantazivkou-na-odesini-zaginulo-podruzza.html 
AT LIMAN DIRETIIN RUSSIAN Army Shelled Neske, Chervonopopivka, Dibrova, Bigorivka of the Meadow ... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-04-01T05:04:04
Location: Bakhmut (Latitude:48.80788 Longtitude:38.23997)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22552808
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Chervonopopivka, Dibrova,Bilohorivka of Luhansk region, also Spirne of Donetsk region, - General Staffof Armed Forces of Ukraine says in the morning report
News Collection Link: https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/1-april-at-lyman-direction-russian-army-shelled-nevske-chervonopopivka 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/4384 
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Kamyanka, phonolivka, Masivka, Sinkivka, Krokhmal ... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-04-01T05:18:50
Location: Kharkiv (Latitude:49.51674 Longtitude:37.9509)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22552824
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Kamyanka, Fyholivka, Masutivka,Synkivka, Krokhmalne of Kharkiv region and Novoselivske of Luhansk region, -General Staff of Armed Forces of Ukraine says in the morning report
News Collection Link: https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/1-april-at-kupiansk-direction-russian-army-shelled-kamyanka 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/4383 
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Baranivka of Chernihiv re... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-04-01T05:21:10
Location: Vovchansk (Latitude:50.38926 Longtitude:37.42424)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22552826
At sivershchyna and slBozhanschyna directions Russian army Shelled Baranivkaof Chernihiv Region;
News Collection Link:(https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/1-april-at-sivershchyna-and-slobozhanschyna-directions-russian)
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/4382 
Security Service of Ukraine conducted counter-intelligence, search and security operations ag... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-04-01T05:44:05
Location: Kyiv, Kyiv city (Latitude:50.43424 Longtitude:30.55701)
Videos: []
Images: [" 22552834_1.jpg ", " 22552834_2.jpg ", " 22552834_3.jpg ", " 22552834_4.jpg ", " 22552834_5.jpg ", " 22552834_6.jpg ", " 22552834_7.jpg ", " 22552834_8.jpg ", " 22552834_9.jpg ", " 22552834_10.jpg "]
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22552834
Security Service of Ukraine conducted counterintelligence, search and security operations against Moscow Church officials          News Collection Link: https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/1-april-security-service-of-ukraine-conducted-counterintelligence 
News Source: https://t.me/SBUkr/7783 
82 person wounded as result of Russian missile strike with Iskander-M in Zaporizhzhia yesterday 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-04-01T06:04:08
Location: Zaporizhzhia, Zaporiz'ka oblast (Latitude:47.83681000 Longtitude:35.13574000)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22552841
82 person wounded as result of Russian missile strike with Iskander-M inZaporizhzhia yesterday
News Collection Link: https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/1-april-82-person-wounded-as-result-of-russian-missile-strike 
News Source: https://t.me/liganet/25704 
1 person killed as result of Russian shelling in Dvorichna 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-04-01T07:27:21
Location: Dvorichna (Latitude:49.84905 Longtitude:37.67641)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22552853
1 person killed as result of Russian shelling in Dvorichna
News Collection Link: https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/1-april-1-person-killed-as-result-of-russian-shelling-in 
News Source: https://t.me/suspilnenews/19659 
1 person killed in Russian shelling in Kherson, one more wounded in Kozatske 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-04-01T08:03:36
Location: Kherson (Latitude:46.63718 Longtitude:32.59369)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22552857
1 person killed in Russian shelling in Kherson, one more wounded in Kozatske
News Collection Link: https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/1-april-1-person-killed-in-russian-shelling-in-kherson-one 
News Source: https://t.me/channel24_ua/83056 
Donetsk Oblast(14:21). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now! 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-04-01T08:22:00
Location: Donetsk Oblast (Latitude:48.72744 Longtitude:37.5781)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22552861
Donetsk Oblast(14:21). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take covernow!
News Collection Link: https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/01-april-donetsk-oblast1421-red-alert-aerial-g 
News Source: https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42381 
President Zelensky had a phone call with President Macron 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-04-01T08:35:57
Location: Kyiv, Kyiv city (Latitude:50.44387 Longtitude:30.52946)
Videos: []
Images: [" 22552863_0.jpg "]
Tags: ["France", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22552863
President Zelensky had a phone call with President Macron
 News Collection Link: https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/1-april-president-zelensky-had-a-phone-call-with-president 
News Source: https://t.me/V_Zelenskiy_official/5705 
Zaporizka Oblast(15:34). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now! 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-04-01T09:36:00
Location: Zaporizka Oblast (Latitude:47.612021 Longtitude:35.765261)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22552866
Zaporizhzhia region(15:34). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take covernow!
News Collection Link: https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/01-april-zaporizka-oblast1534-red-alert-aeriag 
News Source: https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42383 
During the day, Russian troops fired eight regions of Ukraine - erection of ova 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T10:27:21+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T10:27:21+03:00
Description: The army of the Russian Federation per day fired at eight regions of Ukraine. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16802... "]
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Війна з росією', 'Регіони']
Type: Article
 The Army Federation for a day fired at eight regions of Ukraine.
According to Ukrinform, this is stated in the consolidated information of the regional military administrations about the situation in the regions of Ukraine as of 9:00 Saturday, April 1.
In the Chernihiv region, the enemy from the artillery was attacked by Novgorod-Siversky district three times. 44 explosions were recorded. Three private homes are damaged. Wheneless.
In the Sumy region at night, from the barrel artillery, the Russians fired at the middle-and-Budeski Terkit.
Yesterday during the day the Russians beat the territories of Zranogorod, Belopil, Khotinsk and Essman communities.
25 beats were recorded in the Hotin community.
The shelling was injured by a resident of Sumy district.
In Zaporozhye yesterday, the rocket hit one of the cemeteries. 55 private homes were damaged. Easy injuries get people.
Read also: Yesterday, as a result of a blow from Aviation in Orikhov, two rockets two rocket workers were wounded, one of them in serious condition. Damaged two -storey -storey building and auxiliary outbuildings, partially destroyed by car equipment, destroyed automobile equipment on open -sides.
For the day in the Zaporozhye region, the troops of the Russian Federation carried out 104 shelling 19 inhabited pens: Zaporozhye, Orikhiv, Gulyaypole, Novoandriivka, Magic, Gulyaiwypil, Railway, Novoyakovlivka, Novodanilovka, Bilogir, Olgiv, Svyatova, Old Town, Old Town. , Malisherbaki, smooth. There were 46 reports of destruction.
In the Dnipropetrovsk region yesterday the enemy twice from the heavy artillery of the Table attacked the Marganets community of the Nikopol district. In manganese damaged institution, car and outbuildings.
In the Kharkiv region, in the Slobozhansky direction, the Russian army launched veterinarian, hoptovka, shooter, deep, non -bochko, barrel and Budarki.
In the Kupyansk direction of enemy shelling, settlements were suffered near a flash of combat collision: Kamianka, Fygolovka, Masyutivka, Sinkivka, starch.
Read also: 
Settlements have been fired alongside the line of combat collision, including Sovassel, Nevskoye, Chervonopopivka, Dibrova, Bigorivka.
In the Starobilsky district, the invaders are searched by 50 servicemen of the Russian Federation, which were designed from units and military units.
In the Donetsk region, two people were killed in the past 24 hours and three exposed.
During the day, the enemy carried out air strikes, beat the S-300 SPR, RSZV "Grad", artillery, .
Under the fire were Avdiivka, Druzhkivka, Veliky Novosilka, Uremivka, Karlovka.
During the shelling of Avdiivka, a 5-month-old boy and his grandmother were killed, the parents were injured.
Read also: In the Kherson region, the invaders made 54 shelling over the past 24 hours, releasing 439 shells. Kherson region was under the fire of aviation, "Grads" of Tarathillery.
Kherson was fired at five times. 27 shells were hit by residential quarters.
Three people were killed, two were injured.
In the village of Post-Pokrovske, three electricians were blown up by Russian mini, who worked on the restoration of power grids. According to preliminary information, bi -duals aged 50 and 45 were killed, the third was seriously injured.
In addition, people who tried to reach a boat from dachas on the left bank of the Dnieper came under Russian shelling. According to preliminary data, injured people.
Another 91 people were evacuated from the invaders of the territory of the region.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690191-za-dobu-rosijski-vijska-obstrilali-visim-oblastej-ukraini-zvedenna-ova.html 
An exhibition of paintings of the dead volunteer Artem Azarov opened in Kharkiv 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T10:31:40+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T10:31:40+03:00
Description: In Kharkiv, an exhibition of paintings of the dead volunteer Artem Azarov opened- the exposition has 40 works. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: None
Type: Article
 In Kharkiv, an exhibition of paintings of the dead volunteer Artem Azarov - exhibits 40 works.
About it reports in Fraricor volunteer unit, Ukrinform reports.
“The opening of artistic Our deceased brothers Artem Azarov. We are grateful to all who came, and to those who have helped it to happen, ”the Verification said.
It is noted that the exposition has 40 works. They can be seen two more days: April 1. The exhibition works at the National Law University named after Nameda.
Artem Azarov("Artist")- Graduate of Kharkiv State Artistic School(Specialty - painting). З 2018 року навчався в Харківській державнійакадемії дизайну та мистецтв (easel painting). Також займався боксом (was the championships of Kharkiv region among adults and won Uregional tournaments).
Читайте також: Since 2017 he has made 6 combat rotations in the ATO/OOS zone. He participated in the battles of the settlements of Pervomaisko, Nevelske, Sands of Donetsk region.
He died on March 5, 2022 from mortar shelling in the battles near Kharkiv. The "artist" was 27 years old.
Foto: @freiiikorps_org 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3690192-u-harkovi-vidkrilasa-vistavka-kartin-zagiblogo-dobrovolca-artema-azarova.html 
The SBU presented the suspicion of the Metropolitan of the UOC -MP Paul 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T10:35:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T10:35:00+03:00
Description: The Security Service of Ukraine presented suspicion of the governor of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra Metropolitan of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Moscow Patriarchate Pavel (Swan). - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_15477... "]
Tags: ['Підозра', 'СБУ', 'УПЦ МП']
Type: Article
 The service of Ukraine presented suspicion of the Vice-Vice-Vice-Pechersk Lavra of the Metropolitan Orthodox Church of the Moscow Patriarchate Pavel(Swan).
Про це повідомляє пресслужба , reports Ukrinform.
"On April 1, 2023, at about 7:30, the SBU staff presented suspicion of the Vice-Pechersk Lavra of Metropolitan of Vyshgorod and Chornobyl Paul. Mitropolitan Paul is accused(Art. 161 Criminal Code)”, - the message said.
As it is noted, in the house of the governor of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra is conducted . At 12 o'clock he was summoned, after which the issue of choosing a measure of restraint will be resolved.
According to , investigative actions on the Metropolitan are conducted according to the two-ways of the Criminal Code of Ukraine: 161-"Violation of equality of citizens, depending on their racial, national, regional affiliation, religious beliefs, disability and other grounds" and 436-2-"justification, recognition of law. Federation against Ukraine, glorification of its participants. "
The sources in the SBU confirmed Ukrinform information about the delivery of suspicion to the governor Pavel.
Read also: As reported, Ukrainian Orthodox Church(Moscow Patriarchate)to the National Reserve "Kyiv-Pechersk Lavra" on the invalidation of the transaction of the proceedings in the continuation of free use of cult buildings and other state property.
The Kyiv-Pechersk Lavra National Reserve announced a break in the lease with the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Moscow Patriarchate from 29.
On March 30, the Commission of the Ministry of Culture and Information Policy of Malalas inventory of the property of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra. However, supporters of the UOC(MP)Prevented the activities of the commission.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690193-sbu-vrucila-pidozru-mitropolitu-upc-mp-pavlu.html 
In March, the State Property Fund attracted more than ₴ 627 million from privatization auctions 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T10:40:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T10:40:00+03:00
Description: During March, the State Property Fund conducted 53 privatization auctions and raised more than UAH 627 million. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_15512... "]
Tags: ['Аукціон', 'Приватизація', 'Гроші', 'Майно']
Type: Article
 The State Property Fund conducted 53 privatization auctions and raised over UAH 627 million.
About it reports Ukrinform with reference to the press service .
“At privatization auctions in March 2023, the amount of victorious rates was more than UAH 627 million. 266 entrepreneurs took part in 53 auctions, ”the message goes.
For the period from April 3 to April 7, SPFU planned 16 privatization . Entrepreneurs will be offered to buy, in particular, an enterprise at the Odessa Center, a research institute in the center of the center and the animal breeding station.
Read also: “All the funds raised by the SPFU go to support the defense forces. Our result is the Urriva, for example, 35 tanks or 1600 pickups, ”the fund said.
As it was reported, the State Property Fund plans to sell for the sale of volumetric privatization in the second or third quarter of this year.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690232-u-berezni-fond-derzmajna-zaluciv-ponad-627-miljoniv-vid-privatizacijnih-aukcioniv.html 
Transport checks at checkpoints in Kiev: police gave clarification 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T10:49:26+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T10:49:26+03:00
Description: Verification of vehicles at checkpoints are necessary stabilization and preventive measures for the sake of safety in Kiev and the capital region. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Блокпост', 'Поліція', 'Транспорт', 'Київ', 'перевірки']
Type: Article
 Check and transport at checkpoints are necessary stabilization and preventive measures for safety in Kiev and the capital region.
According to Ukrinform, this is the head of the Main Directorate of the National Police of the Vykyiv Oblast Andriy Nebitov explained in .
“Periodically I see on social networks the indignation of some citizens by the cause of vehicles of motor vehicles and checking on checkpoints by defense forces and , Once again, it is a tseno -stabilization and preventive measures for the sake of safety in the capital of the Tastolian region, ”NEBITIV said.
Almost daily drugs, weapons, explosives are removed from the illicit trafficking, persons who were wanted or who need additional verification by special services are installed, he said.
Read also: "If you have illegal actions against such inspections, immediately report to 102 or other law enforcement agencies," Neditov advised not to draw premature conclusions on social networks.
“Remember that safety and law and order are our common business and everyone is. A year ago, the Russians, too, did not understand the "reason for the establishment", - said the head of the police of the Kyiv region.
As it was reported, with the beginning of a large -scale invasion of Russia into Ukraine on December 24, 2022 due to a direct military threat in The system of engineering innovations was deployed. Numerous checkpoints equipped with concrete blocks, sandbags were installed in each area of the city, trenches were dug, and dug.
At the beginning of March 2023, the KMVA, together with the command of the forces of defense forces of Kiev, worked out a joint decision to improve the system of engineering barriers.
_ Photo: Andrii Nebytov _
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3690197-perevirki-transportu-na-blokpostah-u-kievi-policia-dala-rozasnenna.html 
Russia has failed autumn mobilization and "winter offensive" - Britain intelligence 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T10:53:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T10:53:00+03:00
Description: Russian troops were waste of temporary advantage in the personnel, obtained as a result of the autumn "partial mobilization", as well as an effort to start a general "winter offensive". - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16684... "]
Tags: ['Британія', 'Розвідка', 'росія', 'Війна']
Type: Article
 Ruskivska wasted the temporary advantage in the personnel, obtained by the consequence of the autumn "partial mobilization", as well as the effort to start a general "winter offensive".
About it in The British Ministry of Defense reported with reference to intelligence data, Ukrinform reports.
As it is noted, the term of stay of the Chief of General Staff of RFGerasimov in office(Since January 11 2023)It was characterized by an effort to develop a general winter offensive in order to spread Russia's control to the whole region . However, eighty days later, it is increasingly obvious that this project has failed.
Read also: In British intelligence, it is noted that in several directions of the front on the Savior RF, only minor successes at the cost of tens of thousands of losses, a significant meter, by waste of their temporary advantage in the personnel, obtained by the income of the autumn "partial mobilization".
It is also noted that after ten years of work, Gerasimov in the General Staff is a realistic possibility that it expands the limits of how long -political leadership of Russia will endure failure.
As reported by Ukrinform, in a preliminary summary, British intelligence reported that the Russian Federation had lost at least six ZOOPARK-1M counter-batter-radar systems during the war with Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690202-rosia-provalila-osinnu-mobilizaciu-ta-zimovij-nastup-rozvidka-britanii.html 
Ukrainians have warned from the use of Russian chatbots to search for prisoners 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T11:10:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T11:10:00+03:00
Description: The Coordination Staff on the management of prisoners of war warn against the use of various Russian chatbots to find Ukrainians in captivity. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16762... "]
Tags: ['Україна', 'Військові', 'Полонені', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The Ucoordination Headquarters on the Defense of Prisoners of Pursuing warn the use of various Russian chatbots to find Ukrainians in captivity.
According to Ukrinform, the coordination reports in .
A meeting with the families of the Bogdan Khmelnytsky Separate Presidential Brigade was held on the coordination of the Bogdan Khmelnitsky.
The questions were answered by representatives of the coordination and .
The parties discussed the provision of medical care to the wounded. The Ukrainian is to take away all the wounded and seriously ill from captivity, according to the presentation.
"The coordination headquarters may not always tell their native places of maintenance, even if he has certain information. It needs a thorough verification. After all, the enemy tries to mislead our people before exchange. For example, during a call, intentionally named the names Different cameras cannot check it, "the headquarters said.
Read also: The staff representative warned relatives on the use of various Russian chatbots to find our people in captivity.
"Remember that you will communicate with persons who will necessarily need to use your pain. They can blackmail. In addition, they can use correspondence for psychological pressure. Show the message to the captive ". All this manipulations. We are ready to pick up everyone," said the coordination representative.
According to Ukrinform, on the coordination state state that Recruitment of Ukrainian servicemen.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690212-ukrainciv-zasteregli-vid-vikoristanna-rosijskih-catbotiv-dla-posuku-polonenih.html 
The invaders dismantle the destroyed houses in the Mariupol Seaside District 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T11:20:26+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T11:20:26+03:00
Description: The invaders dismantle the destroyed houses in the Mariupol Primorsky District, in these territories the occupying authorities wants to erect a high -rise building. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16706... "]
Tags: ['Будівництво', 'Маріуполь', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The invaders dismantle the destroyed houses in the Mariupol Seashore district, the centuries of the occupying authorities wants to erect a high -rise building.
The corresponding video was posted by the mayor advisor Petro Andryushchenko in , reports Ukrinform.
«The Mariupol Mariupol district. Was. Now nothing has been not here from the usual Mariupol. However, this is where they plan(again)Russian construction. Tenders for 40 high -rise buildings have already been carried out. Due to the increased risk of investment contractors will be built at Russia's budgetary funds, but they will be returned later through the mortgage program, ”Andryushchenko wrote.
According to him, in fact, the percentage of using Russian money to be less than one for the business community of the occupiers.
“It is very necessary for Russians to replace people here. In our dead », - said Andryushchenko.
Read also: As it was reported, the mayor of Mariupol of Donetsk region Vadim Boychenko stated that Russia's aggression caused one of the largest humanitarian catastrophes in Mariupol. The city was almost 90% destroyed as a result of enemy shelling. Currently, more than 100,000 inhabitants are tamped.
_ Photo illustrative_
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690209-zagarbniki-demontuut-zrujnovani-budinki-v-primorskomu-rajoni-mariupola.html 
In Nikolaev, two more points of extraction of purified water were launched 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T11:24:12+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T11:24:12+03:00
Description: In Nikolaev, two more points of extraction of purified water were launched. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16776... "]
Tags: ['Миколаїв', 'Вода']
Type: Article
 Mightyev launched two more points of extraction of purified water.
This was reported in City Mayor Senkevich, reports Ukrinform.
“Two new points of extraction of purified water from OKP" Mykolaivoblteploenergo "have been launched in the city: ave. Ships, 8-a(Secondary School №54), str. 11 longitudinal, 31 -A, ”the message reads.
Indicative work schedule: 6:30 - 20:30.
In general, in Nikolaev already locations where you can buy or collect free drinking water.
Read also: As it was reported, water supply and requires urgent replacement. On April 12, 2022, the City of the Dnieper-Mykolaiv water reserved by the Russians remained uncentralized water supply. In early May, Nikolaev began to supply technical water from the Southern Bug River - it was purified, but it is possible to use it only for household needs.
Drinking water is brought to residents by tanks and sold from stationary barrels.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690214-u-mikolaevi-zapracuvali-se-dvi-tocki-vidaci-ocisenoi-vodi.html 
Zaporizka Oblast(17:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now! 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-04-01T11:25:00
Location: Zaporizka Oblast (Latitude:47.612981 Longtitude:35.765841)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22552880
Zaporizhzhia region(17:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take covernow!
News Collection Link: https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/01-april-zaporizka-oblast1723-red-alert-aeriag 
News Source: https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42385 
The Armed Forces received another 10 SUVs for the destruction of air purposes - Naev 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T11:27:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T11:27:00+03:00
Description: The Ukrainian soldiers received another 10 vehicles for the destruction of Russian air purposes. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['ЗСУ', 'Сергій Наєв', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The Ukrainian soldiers received another 10 vehicles for the destruction of Russian air purposes.
According to Ukrinform, the Commander of the Joint Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Sergiy Nayev reported in "Ten more vehicles were received by the Ukrainian military for hostile air purposes in the northern direction of our country," the OS commander said.
Viso: 
"Work on increasing the number of mobile groups is ongoing," Naev emphasized.
Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, in the Kiev region on March 31 on the needs of defense forces.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690216-zsu-otrimali-se-10-pozaslahovikiv-dla-znisenna-povitranih-cilej-naev.html 
Bucha can be a place of court over Russian military criminals - Shmigal 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T11:39:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T11:39:00+03:00
Description: Bucha should be regarded as one of the variants of the venue of the court over Russian war criminals, because in this city in the Kiev region the whole essence of the Putin regime appeared. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16778... "]
Tags: ['Трибунал', 'Воєнні злочини', 'Шмигаль', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 Bucha should be regarded as one of the variants of the court's venue over Russian -war criminals, because in this city in the Kiev region there was a kind of Putin's regime.
As Ukrinform reports, about it in The Premier-Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal declared.
During the Buchan Summit to Russia, he said: “The aggressor must pay for the evil. Pay with freedom, pay funds, pay the status of the exile. ”
According to him, this requires a special international , which will judge the above political research.
"Even more sanctions, including Russian nuclear energy and importaulma.
Read also: "When the Allies chose a place for the court in 1945, Nuremberg stopped. Because criminal ideology was forged. Bucha also has to consider one of the options Premier.
Video: President Office
As reported by Ukrinform, 50 states and international organizations have concluded Concerning Russia's responsibility for crimes committed in Ukraine.
Russian invaders were committed in the Buchan district 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3690218-buca-moze-buti-miscem-sudu-nad-rosijskimi-voennimi-zlocincami-smigal.html 
The Armed Forces destroyed Russian saboteurs in the south 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T11:44:10+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T11:44:10+03:00
Description: In the south of Ukraine, the forces of defense were destroyed by a Russian motor boat, which the invaders were re-ordered for a sabotage and intelligence group and the field storage point of ammunition. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16788... "]
Tags: ['ЗСУ', 'Човен', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 In the south of Ukraine, the forces of defense were destroyed by a Russian motor boat, which the invaders were re-ordered for a sabotage and intelligence group, and the field destination of the enemy ammunition.
According to Ukrinform, the Operational Command “South” reports in “According to the results of our combat work on the Left Bank, the stronghold of the storage of ammunition was affected, the loss of the enemy of 14 racists, 10 units of weapons and equipment was confirmed: two large-caliber" Hyacinth-B ", two The type of "Mavik" used for both intelligence and dumping of grenades, one tank is the other autobronetian means, one is converted for a DRGCROVORATORY boat, " - the message reads.
Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, the Defense Forces of Ukraine from February 24, 2022 to April 1 2023 .
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690219-zsu-znisili-na-pivdni-coven-rosijskih-diversantiv-i-polovij-punkt-boepripasiv.html 
Russian aviation conducted 2 missiles strikes against Avdiivka 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-04-01T11:48:41
Location: Donetsk Oblast (Latitude:48.13402 Longtitude:37.75074)
Videos: []
Images: [" 22552904_0.jpg ", " 22552904_1.jpg ", " 22552904_2.jpg "]
Tags: ["Minsk Monitor", "Europe"]
Id: 22552904
Russian aviation conducted 2 missiles strikes against Avdiivka
   News Collection Link: https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/1-april-russian-aviation-conducted-2-missiles-strikes-against 
News Source: https://t.me/ermaka2022/2349 
The enemy struck six settlements of Donetsk region - the police showed the consequences 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T11:54:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T11:54:00+03:00
Description: The Russian troops of the last day, on March 31, struck six settlements of Donetsk region, have fallen and injured people. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Донеччина', 'Обстріл', 'Загибель', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The Russian troops of the last day, on March 31, struck six inhabited dots of Donetsk region, are killed and injured people.
As Ukrinform reports, it reports Bakhmut, Avdiivka, Druzhkivka, Veliky Novosilka, Karlovka, Vremivka were struck.
Russian troops used aviation, "hail", "tornadoes", artillery, tanks.
12 civilian objects, six residential buildings, library, professional building, administrative building, stores, gas pipes are destroyed and damaged.
From aviation and artillery, Russian troops were beat on Avdiivka, kissed in a private sediment. Two people , among them is a child of 2022. Two more people are injured.
From the "tornadoes" the invaders attacked the Druzhkivka. The four -part -time buildings and social infrastructure facilities have been destroyed.
Read also: 
Law enforcement officers registered 22 violations of the laws and customs of war from Russian troops. The police and the Security Service of Ukraine opened criminal proceedings under Art. 438(violation of the laws and customs of war)Criminal code of Ukraine.
The police have helped to evacuate another 467 people, since the beginning of compulsory evacuation -over 58 180 people, including 7242 -children, 2622 -people with disabilities.
According to Ukrinform, according to the head of the Donetsk Regional Administration Pavel Kirilenko, on March 31, Russian troops killed the residents of Donetsk region, three more people were injured.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690222-vorog-zavdav-udariv-po-sesti-naselenih-punktah-doneccini-e-zertvi.html 
Donetsk Oblast, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(18:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sound... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-04-01T12:01:00
Location: Donetsk Oblast (Latitude:48.72788 Longtitude:37.57716)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22552907
Donetsk region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region(18:00). Red Alert: aerialthreat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
News Collection Link: https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/01-april-donetsk-oblast-dnipro-dnipropetrovskg 
News Source: https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42389 
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(18:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now! 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-04-01T12:03:00
Location: Kharkiv (Latitude:49.98138 Longtitude:36.25148)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22552908
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region(18:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding.Take cover now!
News Collection Link: https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/01-april-kharkiv-kharkivska-oblast1801-red-alg 
News Source: https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42390 
In Crimea, there are almost no those who want to join the PVC - Chubarov 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T12:08:50+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T12:08:50+03:00
Description: In Crimea, there are practically no willing to enter the PEC despite the promise of wages of 250 thousand Russian rubles. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16255... "]
Tags: ['Чубаров', 'Крим', 'Меджліс']
Type: Article
 Crimean does not want to enter the PVC despite the promise of wages of 250 thousand. Russian rubles.
The head of the Crimean Tatar people refer to this on the national telecommunication of the Crimean Tatar people, the refuge of the Crimean Tatar people, the Crimean Tatar people, the Crimean Tatar people, the Crimean Tatar people, Crimean Tatar people.
“They try to get into the locals, but as reported by the people of the skeleton, there are practically no ones who want to join it. Although wages, as indicated in interviews, 250 thousand rubles, ”said the head of the Majlis.
Read also: He noted that, according to the available information, a private military company was created, based on Eugene Prigogine, because of his immediate surroundings, the exoise Sergei Aksenov.
“It seems that this company, which is guarded by the Gaulayter of Crimea Sergiyaksonov, will be called" Livadia. " It is a pity that such a warm Crimean name, they administer the bandit group. And in this "Livadia" there will still be a unit of the conspiracy name "Convoy". In my opinion, they anticipate the chaos that can cover Russia and those structures that control part of the occupied Ukrainian territory. And they think how the summit will keep their assets in this chaos. That is, such companies are created in the interests of the exclusively religious people who create them, ”Chubarov said.
He also noted that the population of Crimea is under pressure from the FSB, which is impossible to weaken.
Read also: “Unfortunately, what is happening in the Crimea cannot be somehow minimized thanks to a tank, some influence, because Russia has been isolated from the world as much as possible, and its participation in international organizations is practically reduced to zero. There is only a member of the OSCE. But there are no tools to force Russia at least to some extent to comply with international law. To speak very honestly, the only tool for influencing the aggressor country is victories on the front. I do not see other effective instruments of influence personally, ”Chubarov said.
At the same time, he noted that the Russians who moved to the peninsula understand that Ukraine will be liberated by Ukraine. Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, in the intelligence of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine recently they said that Russian invaders create a PVC in a temporarily occupied Crimea within the preparation for hostilities on the peninsula, but more - for the sake of personal safety and to ensure the inviolability of looted property.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3690227-u-krimu-majze-nema-ohocih-vstupiti-do-pvk-cubarov.html 
In the Kherson region, an electrician who was blown up on a mini died on the eve 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T12:13:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T12:13:00+03:00
Description: In the Kherson region, an electrician died in the hospital, which was blown up on a mini the day before. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16174... "]
Tags: ['Херсонщина', 'Міна', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 Nakherson region in the hospital died an electrician who exploded the mini the day before.
This was reported in The Kherson Ova press service, Ukrinform reports.
"A 32-year-old electrician died in the hospital from the injuries, which exploded the Natrospian mini when he restored the power lines in the post-Pokrovsky," the post reads.
Read also: As it was reported, on March 31 near the village of Poskrovske in Kherson region Naroi mini with three fellows. They worked on the restoration of power grids. Two men have been in place.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690231-na-hersonsini-pomer-elektromonter-akij-naperedodni-pidirvavsa-na-mini.html 
Rescuers warn of significant avalanche danger in the mountains 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T12:20:04+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T12:20:04+03:00
Description: Rescuers warn of a significant avalanche danger in the high-grade of the Transcarpathian region on April 1-2. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_15122... "]
Tags: ['ДСНС', 'Лавина', 'Закарпаття']
Type: Article
 Rescuers warn of a significant avalanche danger in the high-grade of theakarpattya region on April 1-2.
According to Ukrinform, the State Emergency Service reports in .
“1 та 2 квітня на високогір'ї Закарпатської області, у зв’язку з відлигою,очікується значна сніголавинна небезпека (Level III)”, - the testimony reads.
Read also: According to Ukrinform, according to the weather forecasters, on April 1 in the south and in the center of Ukraine the air will warm up from +13 to +15 °, in the rest of Ukraine - from +9 to +12 °. On April 2 in Volyn, Lviv, Rivne and Transcarpathian region it is expected from +5 to +7 °.
Photo illustrative
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690235-ratuvalniki-poperedzaut-pro-znacnu-lavinnu-nebezpeku-u-gorah.html 
The National Bank has switched to a new generation electronic payment system 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T12:28:35+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T12:28:35+03:00
Description: The system of electronic payments of the NBU of the new generation-the SEP-4-started operation. It now operates on the basis of the ISO 20022 International Standard in 24/7 mode. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Фінанси', 'Нацбанк', 'Платіжна система']
Type: Article
 The new generation of the NBU Electronic Payments Started-SEP-4. It is now functioning on the basis of the ISO 20022 International Standard in 24/7 mode.
The head of the National Bank of Ukraine Andriy Pyshny in [] reported this.(https://www.facebook.com/pyshnyy/posts/pfbid0nfoL5CAEdSbcb3MmgfD5AkLw7xPVwadPBgvg35YLPwsKb29RgnBTuFCa7ZxuVh4gl), reports Ukrinform.
"We have made this transition actually with other EU payment systems, which only a month work under ISO 20022. Today's migration is one of the largest financial institutions once carried out by Ukraine's financial institution There was a sap. And indicating for the development of the payment and financial market, I would say that these events are compatible, " - said Andrei Pishny.
According to him, the new generation of EPS is built using modern programm and technical means, which makes it possible to make electronic payment even faster, more convenient and safer.
"And yet it is the base that allows us to prepare and develop the level of payment infrastructure necessary for joining the European Union," - added the head .
Read also: It is about Ukraine's accession to a single payment zone in euro(SEPA)The tarelization of the functionality of instant payments in the next version of the SEP-4.1, the testing of which is scheduled for participants for 2023.
National Bank Electronic Payments System(Sow)- State banking payment system that provides interbank payments through accounts opened by the National Bank. The National Bank is an operator and calculating bank of this system. SEP is the only systematically important payment system in Ukraine. It provides 97% of interbank payments with union currency within our country. SEP belongs to a real -time gross -calculation system. As of January 1, 2023, 67 banks, the State Treasury Service of Ukraine and the National Bank of Ukraine were participants as of January 1, 2023.
As , in 2022 through the electronic payment system(Sow)The National Bank made almost 363 million payments, which is 18.7% less than in 20121.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690237-nacbank-perejsov-na-sistemu-elektronnih-plateziv-novogo-pokolinna.html 
Ukrainian troops have restored positions in Bakhmut - ISW 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T12:41:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T12:41:00+03:00
Description: As of March 31, Ukrainian troops restored positions around Bakhmut. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16791... "]
Tags: ['Бахмут', 'ЗСУ', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 As of March 31, Ukrainian troops restored positions around Bakhmut.
About it in the next Informs the Institute of Studying Vivna(Isw), reports Ukrinform.
"The Ukrainian troops have restored positions around Bakhmut, and Ukrainian officials have to emphasize the importance of continuing Ukraine's defense in this district on March 31," the report reads.
The ISW, with the link to the data of the General Staff of Ukraine, reported that the Ruskivska continued the storming of the city of Bakhmut and carried out additional unsuccessful steps to the northwest of the city in the area of Orikhovo-Vasilkivka.
Geolocation footage for March 31 shows that Ukrainian troops were south -south -west of Bakhmut and restored lost positions half -day from Ivanovo(About 7 kilometers to southwest of the exist).
Читайте також: The Institute's report provides the words of the Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Gannimar, who stated on Friday that the defense of Bakhmut became the "most expensive" Russian attempt to conduct hostilities. She added that "time, weapons, equipment and enormous losses spent by the enemy on the capture of Bakhmut are unjustified in terms of military expediency."
The statement painting confirms the ISW evaluation that Ukrainian Bakhmut remains strategic as long as Ukrainian troops are forcing the Russian troops to withdraw living and equipment without having excessive losses by the Ukrainian army.
The report also outlines the view of Colonel-Colonel Alexander Sirsky, commander of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces, that Russian troops on the Bakhmut's districts are noticeably nervous because time is against them and they have a less human resource for the assault of Ukrainian positions.
At the same time, the Russian troops reported in ISW as of March 31.
Read also: The Wagner troops continued the attacks on the North and South Bakhmut, and tried to step on the west towards the chrome.As reported by Ukrinform, the Russian army continues to focus the basic efforts to take offensive actions in the Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivsky Tamarin directions.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690238-ukrainski-vijska-vidnovili-pozicii-v-rajoni-bahmuta-isw.html 
Zelenskaya told about the principles of healthy nutrition of children during the war 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T12:44:09+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T12:44:09+03:00
Description: President's wife, Elena Zelenskaya, informed about a number of materials on the portal "know" about the principles of healthy nutrition of children in war. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16721... ", " 1680341949-58... "]
Tags: ['Продукти', 'Школа', 'Олена Зеленська']
Type: Article
 The president's wife, Olena Zelenskaya, informed about a number of materials on the portal "We know" about the principles of healthy nutrition of children in war.
According to Ukrinform, she wrote about it in .
“What we eat influences emotional, psychological and physical condition. Although access to different foods can be limited, but it is still important to try to adhere to the principles of healthy eating. Especially when it comes to children, ”the First Lady stressed.
 She noted that there are several materials on the portal "We know" about it.
Read also: Yes, Zelenska recommended reading what is worth to make a navigation of energy balance.
"Due to constant air anxieties, children are forced to descend the vulpies as soon as possible, and it is stress and energy. So it is necessary to make sure that the baby has a right snack," the president's wife said.
In the material "What foods and drinks should be put in "There is a list of foods that you need to have with you to keep your child with a full diet for 1-2 days, she reported.
Read also: Zelenskaya also advised to read about how to make the optimal To take into account those products that must be in a baby's diet, to see About what a healthy nutrition plate is.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690239-zelenska-rozpovila-pro-principi-zdorovogo-harcuvanna-ditej-pid-cas-vijni.html 
NBA: Mikhailuk scored 16 points in Charlotte's match against Chicago 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T12:51:43+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T12:51:43+03:00
Description: The defender of the national team of Ukraine in basketball Svyatoslav Mikhailuk in the fourth match in a row was published in the starting five of the Charlotte NBA Club. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Баскетбол', 'НБА', 'Збірна України', 'Святослав Михайлюк']
Type: Article
 Svyatoslav Mykhaylyuk, a basketball of Basketball, in the fourth match in a consecutive match in the starting five of the Charlotte NBA Club.
In a home duel against Chicago(91:121)The Ukrainian received , reports Ukrinform.
Mikhailuk scored 16 points. This is the second indicator of the performance of the Ukrainian Universon. Svyatoslav also made 5 gears, 2 picks and 1 interception.
Having lost at home Chicago, Mikhailuk's club interrupted his victorious series, as a result of three matches.
The NBA also received the Ukrainian Center for Sakramento Alexeylen. In an exit game against Portland(138:114), our Bigman came out of the bench and played 13 minutes.
Read also: For this game shade, Lena scored 4 points, made 2 picks and 1 block shot.
Photo: Getty Images.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690244-nba-mihajluk-nabrav-16-ocok-u-matci-sarlott-proti-cikago.html 
The Prosecutor's Office asks for a house arrest for the Metropolitan of UOC MP Paul - Source 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T12:53:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T12:53:00+03:00
Description: Prosecutors in the Shevchenkivsky District Court of the capital filed a request for the election of the Metropolitan of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Moscow Patriarchate Pavel (Swan) in the form of a round-the-clock house arrest. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Домашній арешт', 'Прокуратура', 'Київська Лавра']
Type: Article
 The prosecutor of the Shevchenkivsky District Court of the capital made a request for the election of the Metropolitan of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Ukrainian Orthodox Patriarchate Paul by the Metropolitan of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church(Swan)Precautionary measure in the form of tongue house arrest.
A well -known interlocutor in the office of the Prosecutor General has informed about it.
"Prosecutors are asking the court to choose a preventive measure in the form of a round -the -clock home arrest," the interlocutor said.
According to him, now the meeting of the Shevchenkivsky District Court for the election of the traveling event Pavel has already begun.
Read also: The pressecretic of the Kyiv Regional Prosecutor's Office, which carries out the proceduralism in the case of Metropolitan Pavel, Olena Kovaleva confirmed that the court had begun to choose a precautionary measure.
As reported by Ukrinform, on April 1, at about 7.30 am the Security Service of Ukraine, suspected the governor of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra Metropolitan of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Moscow Patriarchate Pavel(Swan).
Слідчі дії щодо митрополита ведуться за двома статтями Кримінального кодексуУкраїни: 161 – "Порушення рівноправності громадян залежно від їх расової,національної, регіональної належності, релігійних переконань, інвалідності таза іншими ознаками" та 436-2 – "Виправдовування, визнання правомірною,заперечення збройної агресії російської федерації проти України, глорифікаціяїї учасників".
Читайте також: In the house of the governor of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra conducted searches, he was summoned.
Before The invalidation of a transaction to refuse to continue free use of cult buildings and other state property.
The Kyiv-Pechersk Lavra National Reserve announced a break in the lease with the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Moscow Patriarchate from 29.
Read also: 
Law enforcement officers opened criminal proceedings on the obstruction of journalist activity in the territory of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra. The applicants reported that during the shooting of the plot one of the clergy of damage to the operator.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690245-prokuratura-prosit-domasnij-arest-dla-mitropolita-upc-mp-pavla-dzerelo.html 
Missile blow to Zaporizhzhia: In the City Council declared more than 80 damaged homes 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T12:56:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T12:56:00+03:00
Description: In Zaporozhye, as a result of Russian shelling, 82 houses were damaged on March 31, four of them have significant destruction. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... ", " 1680343086-28... ", " 1680343087-58... ", " 1680343086-82... "]
Tags: ['Будинок', 'Запоріжжя', 'Ракетний удар']
Type: Article
 Uzporizhzhi damaged 82 houses as a result of Russian shelling on March 31, four of them have significant destruction.
This was reported by the Secretary of Zaporizhzhya City Council Anatoliy Kurtev in , reports Ukrinform.
“City services and volunteers work without weekends, eliminating the consequences of yesterday. Today, 82 affected homes of a private sector are already known. Four of them have significant destruction, others are knocked out windows, doors, damaged roofs, ”the message reads.
 It is noted that since the morning, specialists of the city specialized emergency service continue to work, which disassemble the damaged structures. Zaporizhremservice workers are closed by OSB windows, repairing roofs. Eluas KP employees load and export the building. Also in the work of residents and public utilities help volunteers.
 Read also: 
 The residents of damaged homes from the city reserve - the list of OSB and slate, in particular, were given 150 OSB letters, the residents of the damaged houses were
“Social workers, psychologists who advise people, give them . A large communal bus with a generator where people can warm up, drink coffee or tea, ”Kurtev informed.
As of March 31, more than a hundred and a hundred homes were reported as of March 31 as a result of a rocket attack in Zaporozhye.
_ Photo: Anatoly Kurtev _
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690251-raketnij-udar-po-zaporizzu-u-miskradi-zaavili-pro-ponad-80-poskodzenih-budinkiv.html 
Suspicion of the Metropolitan of UOC MP Pavel: The Security Service revealed details 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T13:04:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T13:04:00+03:00
Description: The Security Service of Ukraine states that it has collected a reasonable evidence base for the involvement of the former rector of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra Paul (Petro Lebidy) to ignite religious enmity, justify and denial the armed aggression of the Russian Federation against Ukraine. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Підозра', 'СБУ', 'УПЦ МП']
Type: Article
 The Service of Ukraine states that it has collected a reasonable evidence base regarding the adherence of the former rector of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra Paul(Peter Lebed)to the ignition of religious enmity, justification and denial of armed aggression of the Russian Federation against Ukraine.
As Ukrinform reports, it reports In particular, it was established that Swan in his public speeches repeatedly insulted the religious feelings of Ukrainians, humiliated the views of believers of other denominations, he was able to form hostile moods to them, and made statements that had justified or denied Russia's actions. This was confirmed by the initiated ash-linguistic examination.
"The law and responsibility for its violation are the same for all, and the rank is not always the key to pure intentions. Today the enemy tries to use the church environment to promote his and the split of Ukrainian society. But we will not give him any path!The SBU systematically blocks all the attempts of the Russian special services, which seek to use their agents to harm interest and security of Ukraine, " - said SBU chairman Vasyl Malyuk.
On the basis of the evidence collected, Lebidu was informed of suspicion under Part 1 of Art. 161 Criminal Code of Ukraine(Violation of equality of citizens depending on the departing racial, national, regional affiliation, religious beliefs)Thatch. 1 st. 436-2(justification, denial of armed aggression of the Russian Federation with anti -Ukraine, glorification).
За місцями проживання і тимчасового перебування фігуранта проводяться слідчідії.
Заходи з викриття правопорушення проводились за процесуального керівництваОфісу генерального прокурора.
Як нагадали у спецслужбі, у 2022 році СБУ "розпочала комплексніконтррозвідувальні та безпекові заходи (More than 40)In the church environment of the UOC, which took place to stop the destructive activity of the pro -Russian clergy. As a result of the SBU measures, 61 Criminal proceedings against 61 clergymen were violated. In total, the courts have already converted 7 sentences regarding the individual clerics who stood towards the enemy, including 2 of them was used in exchange for our servicemen. ""According to the materials of the special service, sanctions on 17 UOC functionaries were imposed, and nearly 250 Clerics of the ROC are prohibited from entry into Ukraine. Also, terminated citizenship of Ukraine 19 priests of the UOC, citizens of the aggressor country, initiated a forced return to the country of origin," the RF, " in the message.
Read also: As the SBU emphasized, the Security Service adheres to the activities of any religious denomination and respects a legal citizen to freedom of worldview and religion, as a constitution of Ukraine.
The SBU Prescribe also published records of the conquered talk of Lebidy.
As reported by Ukrinform, on the morning of April 1 Expamant of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra Metropolitan of the UOC of Moscow Patriarchateapavla(Swan). На 12-ту годину його викликали на допит, після чого будевирішуватись питання про обрання запобіжного заходу.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690250-pidozra-mitropolitu-upc-mp-pavlu-u-sbu-rozkrili-detali.html 
Marusyak set a record of Ukraine on the World Cup on jumps from the springboard 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T13:05:02+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T13:05:02+03:00
Description: Ukrainian Yevhen Marusyak took 18th place at the World Cup on skiing from a springboard in the Slovenian plan. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Кубок світу', 'Спорт', 'Україна', 'стрибки на лижах з трампліна']
Type: Article
 Ukrainian Marusyak took 18th place in the World Cup on Ski Ski Skiing in the Slovenian Plan.
Eugene flew 213.5 m in the finals and was the 18th following the results of the competition. He is on 2.5m Ukraine, reports Ukrinform.
The 18th position of the COP is the best result in the history of Ukraine.
The previous record belonged to Vitaliy Shumbarza-21st place in 2010.
Marusyak became a second Ukrainian who finished three times in the top 30 at the Cubcasvita stages(After a noise).
Це досягнення підкорилося 23-річному спортсмену упродовж одного сезону.
Читайте також: The best results of Ukraine in the World Cup History on jumps from the springboard:
18 . Eugene Marusyak(April 2023, Planitsa)21 . Vitaliy Shumbarets(January 2010, Sapporo)25 . Vitaliy Shumbarets(March 2009, Planitsa)26 . Vladimir Boschuk(March 2009, Lillegammer)26 . Eugene Marusyak(January 2023, ball)28 . Alexander Lazarovich(February 2009, Wilingham)28 . Vitaliy Shumbarets(February 2010, Clingen)28 . Eugene Marusyak(February 2023, Rashnov)29 . Vladimir Boschuk(February 2009, Clingen)30 . Vladimir Glivka(February 1996, Iron).
Фото: Getty Images.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690252-marusak-vstanoviv-rekord-ukraini-na-kubku-svitu-zi-stribkiv-z-tramplina.html 
In Chernihiv region weakened restrictions on the sale of alcohol 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T13:11:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T13:11:00+03:00
Description: In Chernihiv region, restrictions on the sale of alcoholic beverages were weakened. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_15783... "]
Tags: ['Алкоголь', 'Чернігівщина']
Type: Article
 The external, weakened restrictions on the sale of alcoholic beverages.
About this Department of Information and Public Relations of the Chernihiv Regional Regional Administration, Ukrinform reports.
“Alcohol is weakened in the region. Appropriate Published by the Nativity Website of the Regional Administration. Therefore, in the trade establishments of sales drinks and substances on alcohol-containing basis are allowed from 11 to 21st, in catering establishments-from 11 to 22 hours, ”-said in the report.
Read also: It is noted that the relevant decision was made at the Defense Council of the region, whose meeting took place on March 30. At the same time, it is emphasized that the salesman is prohibited by persons with signs of belonging to law enforcement agencies, the State Emergency Service of Ukraine, the National Guard of Ukraine, the Armed Forces of Ukraine and other military formations.
Ova also added that the communities of Chernihiv can independently adjust the time of sale of alcoholic beverages in their territory.
As it was reported, last year in Chernihiv region on April 16, the ban on the sale of alcoholic beverages, which lasted from February 26, was lifted. Subsequently, at the beginning of May 20122, the ban was again introduced. In less than a month, sales with restrictions were released.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690253-na-cernigivsini-poslabili-obmezenna-na-prodaz-alkogolu.html 
There is no shortage of individual drugs: Lyashko assured that all medicines are in warehouses 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T13:13:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T13:13:00+03:00
Description: Health Minister Viktor Lyashko stated that the distributors' warehouses have all the drugs purchased by people at pharmacies yesterday and they are already being transported to pharmacy networks. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16456... "]
Tags: ['Ляшко', 'Ліки', 'Е-рецепт', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 Health Ministers Viktor Lyashko stated that the distributors' warehouses have all the drugs that people purchased in pharmacies yesterday and they are already being diluted in pharmacy networks.
He said this on the air of the TEMACHAFON , reports correspondent.
“About communication - six months already communications are underway by the Ministry of Protection of the Naturena for the introduction of an electronic prescription for antibiotics, then nanarcotic(Preparations - Red.), then we said all the time that it would be from April 1 to all other prescriptions ", - stressed, answering the question of whether yesterday's excuse among the Ukrainians who created queues for pharmacies could be avoided.
At the same time, he noted that the queues for pharmacies were observed only in Kiev.
"On the availability of medicines, yes, indeed, after the speeches of certain people, there was a hype on the pharmacy networks of the city of Kyiv, first of all, city. Today we have promoted the remains at pharmacy points, talked by spare distributors. Delivery, Saturday - Sunday, what people took away on the month, ”the minister said.
He recalled that such a situation was in the first weeks of war, "when extra -harbor -remedy drugs and this led to someone lying in the number of drugs that he did not need, and people who received cupreparates for treatment did not have access to them" .
Read also: “We then regulated all deliveries in the country in manual mode. There will be such a thing today. All drugs are completely the presence of distributors in the warehouses, transported on pharmacy networks, so problems will not arise with this, ”Lyashko assured.
He urged Ukrainians to entrust exclusively official sources, use the sites and social networks of the Ministry of Health, the hearing of a marathon, officials of the Ministry of Health.
As it was reported, in Ukraine since April 1 , next to which the paper recipe will continue.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690255-deficitu-okremih-preparativ-nemae-lasko-zapevniv-so-vsi-liki-e-na-skladah.html 
UPL called the contenders for the best football player and coach in February-March 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T13:18:11+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T13:18:11+03:00
Description: The Ukrainian Football Premier League announced the names of nominees to recognize the best player and trainer in February and March 2023. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Футбол', "Прем'єр-ліга", 'Україна']
Type: Article
 The Ukrainian Futball Premier League announced the names of the nominees for recognition by the best player and the trainer in February and March 2023.
Among the players For victory will be launched between George Sudakov("Shakhtar Donetsk), Eduardo Gerrero(Zorya, Lugansk), Taunta Seferi(Vorskla, Poltava)and Ziga Badibang(Chernomorets, Odesa), reports Ukrinform.
The trainers for victory also nominated four - Patrick Van Leuven("Star"), Sergey Kovalets(Ingulets, Petrove), Roman Grigorchuk(Chernomorets)and Igorovich("Miner").
Читайте також: Voting is available on the UPL official website.
Photo: upl.ua.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690257-upl-nazvala-pretendentiv-na-krasogo-futbolista-i-trenera-u-lutomuberezni.html 
Ukraine and Slovakia continued the effect of increased guaranteed capacities for gas imports 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T13:19:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T13:19:00+03:00
Description: Slovak Operator of the GTS EUSTREAM and LLC "Operator of the GTS of Ukraine" agreed to extend the expiry of the increased guaranteed capacities by September 30, 2023. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16221... "]
Tags: ['Газ', 'Імпорт', 'Україна', 'ГТС України', 'Словаччина']
Type: Article
 Slovak Operator of GTS EUSTREAM and LLC "Operator of the GTS of Ukraine" agreed on the term of validity of increased guaranteed capacities by September 30, 2023.
According to Ukrinform, the press service reports .
The company reminded that since February 2022, the OGTSU together with the Slovak partner provides guaranteed capacity for gas imports of 42 million a day instead of 27 million cubic meters, which have been available since 2014.The this step of Slovak colleagues promotes the integration of gas markets, business development and business development. strengthening the safety of gas supply in the region.
“In general, there are now guaranteed imports for imports from the EU countries in the Divorina amount to 54 million cubic meters per day. It is also possible to import additional 4 million cubic meters a day through Moldova and Romania from the southern direction of the Trans -Balkan route, ”OGTSU added.
Read also: In the near future, the OGTSU and the Slovak partner plan to identify short -term medium -term goals and ways for their implementation.
"At this stage of transformation of the European energy system, reforming the gas market of Europe, diversification of sources and routes of supply it is necessary to make the potential of existing gas infrastructure necessary. We are focused on this task," - said Dmitry Lippa CEO.
As it was reported, operators of gas transport systems of Ukraine and Poland have signed a memorandum on cooperation on improvement of interstate pipeline.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690241-ukraina-i-slovaccina-prodovzili-diu-zbilsenih-garantovanih-potuznostej-dla-importu-gazu.html 
The Russians in the framework of the "big offensive" failed to accomplish Putin - Yusov's task by April by April 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T13:22:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T13:22:00+03:00
Description: The Russian army could not fulfill the task of President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin in the framework of its so -called "Great offensive" by the end of March. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16746... "]
Tags: ['Донбас', 'путін', 'Розвідка', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The Russian army, as part of its so -called "big offensive", could not fulfill the task of Russian President Vladimir Putin to conquer Donetsk and Lugansk region by the end of March.
According to Ukrinform, the representative of the Main Directorate of Intelligence of Defense Andriy Yusov in TV said, reports .
"Currently, Ukraine sees the apogee of this campaign, which was called the" new Russian offensive ". However, it is worth reminding both of Ukraine and the world that we have been wearing in the conditions of a full -scale invasion of February 24, 2022. It is a try to demoralize Ukrainian society, as well as demoralize our partners and allies They say, there is such an armada here, for which they give more assistance, "Yusov said.
Read also: According to the GUR representative, "the regular terms and tasks that Putin set before the occupation corps in Ukraine, in particular before Valery Gerasimov after the destination for the war in Ukraine."
Yusov also added that the results of the "Great offensive" can be seen on the battlefield - the number of liquidated Russians and military equipment has increased.
"This means that none of the strategic goals of this shameful war, which the Russians call their, has not been achieved and will be achieved," - emphasized.
Read also: According to Ukrinform, according to British intelligence, Russian military speakers were temporary advantage in the personnel, obtained as a result of the "partial mobilization", as well as the effort to start a general "winter offensive".
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690256-rosiani-u-ramkah-velikogo-nastupu-ne-zumili-do-kvitna-vikonati-zavdanna-putina-usov.html 
Russia left scars in Bucha, but Putin did not break the will of Ukrainians - Yermak 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T13:23:14+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T13:23:14+03:00
Description: Russian troops were scared to Ukrainian souls in Bucha, but Russian President Vladimir Putin did not break the will of Ukrainians. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16588... "]
Tags: ['Буча', 'путін', 'росія', 'Єрмак']
Type: Article
 The Russian scars were applied to Ukrainian souls in Bucha, but Russian President Vladimirputin did not break the will of Ukrainians.
According to Ukrinform, about it in the column for Presidential office Andriy Yermak wrote.
“There is no safety in the Kremlin. Russia has put scars to the Ukrainian souls, but Putin did not break our will, ”he said.
According to Yermak, now Ukrainians are most needed to recognize the world that criminals are governed by the world.
“There should be no place at international tables for those who seek to get a profit from the mass murder of civilians. And the ghosts of Buchch will be the corridors of the United Nations, where the status of Russia as a constant member of the Security Council ridicules the name and purpose of the organization, ”the OPC added.
Read also: Yermak also stressed that Ukrainians will continue to continue to fight.
“We will continue to need weapons and ammunition, and we are gratefully grateful to our friends who helped us to replenish your stocks. We also need tougher sanctions to increase pressure on the Russian elite. The Kremlin kleptocrats seek to be a civilized world, but the only place in civilization is a prison for them, ”he said.
As it was reported, on March 31, 2022, the forces of defense released the city from the Russian invasions that in the Kiev region. Bucha survived 33 days of occupation, law enforcement officers recorded 9000 war crimes committed by invaders.
Foto: Presidential Office 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690260-rosia-zalisila-srami-u-buci-ale-putin-ne-zlamav-volu-ukrainciv-ermak.html 
Electricity generation fully provides consumer needs - Galushchenko 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T13:29:21+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T13:29:21+03:00
Description: Energy Minister of Ukraine Herman Galushchenko declares that on Saturday, April 1, electricity generation fully provides consumers' needs. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Електроенергія', 'Міненерго', 'Галущенко']
Type: Article
 The Minister of Energy of Ukraine Herman Galushchenko declares that on Saturday, April 1, the generation of electricity fully meets the needs of consumers.
According to Ukrinform, the Ministry of Energy of Ukraine reports in .
Галущенко зазначив, що генерація із резервом має необхідні обсяги потужності,аби забезпечити потреби споживачів електроенергії в усіх областях України.
Читайте також: According to him, in the Zhytomyr region there are possible restrictions on electricity supply to some categories of consumers through repair of network infrastructure.
The repairs of networks damaged through hostilities continue.
In particular, electricity supply was restored in Donetsk region for 21 thousand extent.
Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, Ukrnergo NEC signed with 15 systemic operators of the European Energy Association of the ENTSO-E Agreement, which will allow the company to seek help in unforeseen situations.
Photo: Ministry of Energy, Facebook
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690265-generacia-elektroenergii-povnistu-zabezpecue-potrebi-spozivaciv-galusenko.html 
Pope was discharged from hospital 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T13:33:56+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T13:33:56+03:00
Description: The press service of the Holy Throne informed that Pope Francis on Saturday, April 1, was discharged from the hospital. Agostino Jemelley in Rome. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_15457... ", " 1680344876-22... "]
Tags: ['Папа Франциск', 'Рим', 'Лікарня']
Type: Article
 The press service of the throne informed that the Pope Francis on Saturday, April 1, was discharged from the hospital. Agostino Jemelley in Rome.
As Ukrinform reports, it reports .
It is noted that before leaving a medical facility, which is the Faculty of the Faculty of Italian Catholic University, He greeted the rector of Franconelley and his assistants, with the CEO of Hospital Marko Elephanta with medical staff, who took care of him during hospitalization.
Before leaving the car, the pope also greeted the people who were externally out. He hugged the couple who lost his daughter this night, having prayed with them.
 Photo: Vaticannews
Read also: From the hospital, Pope went to the Santa Maria Maggiore basilica. Before the miraculous Icon of the Blessed Virgin Mary Salus populi Romani, he presented a special prayer of Zadyti, whom the day before he visited in the department of pediatric oncology of tadying neurosurgery, as well as for all patients and those who suffer from illness of the loss of their loved ones.
According to Ukrinform, Pope Francis was hospitalized on March 29. Agostino Dzhemelli in Rome because of a respiratory infection. On the eve he complained of breathing difficulties, but there is no Covid-19.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690266-papu-rimskogo-vipisali-z-likarni.html 
The first issue of military chaplains took place in Sofia of Kyiv 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T13:37:03+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T13:37:03+03:00
Description: The first issue of military chaplains was held at the Sofia Kyivska National Reserve, which completed advanced training courses on the military chaplaincy of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Капелан', 'Софія Київська', 'Епіфаній']
Type: Article
 The Sofia Kyivska Union Reserve took place the first issue of military plans, which completed advanced training courses on the Military Camps of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
This was reported by Ukrinform correspondent.
The heads of religious organizations read the prayer of the military chaplain, and the apotim made the consecration of the honorary flag of the service of the military chaplaincy of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces and the rite of the blessing of their representatives.
"The chaplain is called to answer complex spiritual questions. We are people, and chaplains, and servicemen. And in such difficult conditions, the warfare of the war, when the military see the death of their friend, the death of their Korvarish, then he usually arises. The chaplain is called to inspire, give them hope, and love, hope in God, faith in God, and believed our future victory, " - said the head of the Orthodox Church with Ukraine Tropolitan Epiphanius.
Read also: In addition, the certificate ceremony was held on the completion of the training of military chaplains.
"I want to thank everyone tangent to the fact that you have completed this course and someone surrendered the primary officer rank, and someone having a military department has received the title. They turn with one, and the deer, especially in the front line, especially in the conditions of direct line of actions, quite differently, " - said the Minister of Cabinet of Ministers Oleg Nemchinov during the ceremony. Read also: As reported, the National Qualifications Agency(Cash)registering for the development of projects of professional standards of the chaplain and assistant acheple in health care.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3690267-u-sofii-kiivskij-vidbuvsa-persij-vipusk-vijskovih-kapelaniv.html 
Tkachenko, along with the "Cultural Treatment", visited the defenders of Donetsk region 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T13:40:56+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T13:40:56+03:00
Description: The Minister of Culture and Information Policy of Ukraine Oleksandr Tkachenko and the Cultural Airborne visited the military in Donetsk region. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... ", " 1680345537-39... "]
Tags: ['Донеччина', 'Ткаченко', 'МКІП ']
Type: Article
 Minister of Culture and Information Policy of Ukraine Oleksandr Tkachenko and "Cultural Dessant" visited the military in Donetsk region.
According to Ukrinform, the minister reported in and published photos and videos of the meeting with Ukrainian cultural figures.
“We came to Donetsk region with books and music. Books of Education and History of Ukraine. Music and performances from the "Cultural Deantom", which does a great deal, "Tkachenko said.
 "It is only a small fragment of what Ukrainian culture does during the war how the military affects - how their eyes and figure change," the Minister.
Read also: According to Tkachenko, a concert for the military in the Donetsk region is one of the most striking and shining moments for him.
“Culture fills, the music is treating, the right words give the content to move on, the induced and grueling struggle. We are working on strengthening the cultural component on the front, ”the MKIP head emphasized.
As reported by Ukrinform, Tkachenko discussed with the leadership of the Donetsk Regional Administration an increase in the presence in the region of Ukrainian cultural figures and a Ukrainian printed word.
Photo: Oleksandr Tkachenko, telegram
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3690269-tkacenko-razom-iz-kulturnim-desantom-vidvidav-zahisnikiv-doneccini.html 
The number of rocket strokes on the cemetery in Zaporozhye increased to five 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T13:43:02+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T13:43:02+03:00
Description: As a result of a rocket strike on a cemetery in Zaporozhye, 5 people were injured. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16802... ", " 1680266828-94... "]
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Поранені', 'Кладовище', 'Запоріжжя', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 In addition, 5 people were injured in the cemetery in Zaporozhye.
About it reports He reports Ukrinform.
"The enemy kissed the Iskander rocket on the territory of the cemetery. The fragments of the TABUSKIA wave are damaged roofs, windows, doors and farm buildings of private houses located near the place of hit. As a result of Five people were injured, of which are Tri -man and two women, "the post reads.
 After providing medical care, they were prescribed outpatient treatment.
Read also: In addition, two C-300 missiles hit the territory of the enterprise in Zaporozhye. Urizlatti destroyed administrative buildings, damaged windows, doors and facades of attached premises.
As it was reported, the suburbs of Zaporizhzhia was a hostile attack last night. Civil and residential infrastructure of the villages of Razumivka and Lower Khortytsya. The army of the rashists struck four jet shells. Two victims were reported.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690270-kilkist-postrazdalih-vid-raketnogo-udaru-po-kladovisu-v-zaporizzi-zrosla-do-pati.html 
Lyashko about control over the sale of medicines: remains what was before April 1 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T13:53:08+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T13:53:08+03:00
Description: Health Minister Viktor Lyashko stressed that the prescription group of drugs did not bring any new drugs, there was only an additional service - e -recipe. And in the territories where active fighting is conducted, a person can buy at the pharmacy without a prescription. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16760... "]
Tags: ['Ліки', 'Віктор Ляшко', 'Е-рецепт']
Type: Article
 Health Ministers Viktor Lyashko stressed that they did not bring any new drugs to the prescription group, and only additional service appeared. And in the territories where active fighting is conducted, a person can give in the pharmacy without a prescription.
He said about it in Ukrinform correspondent reports.
“No new drugs have got to the prescription group, there was no change in strengthening on strengthening the control of vacation and other things. An additional service has appeared that produces some results today, ”Lyashko said, commenting on April 1 of the E -Recept.
Read also: He stressed that "the issue of recipe drugs is not regulated by the question of the introduction of an electronic prescription." "And we had prescription preparations. At the same time, there is a certain requirement that we used to use pharmacy networks when we said that there was no demand to preserve a paper recipe at the pharmacy, and this allowed the pharmacies to release the receptionic drugs without the prescription," Lyashko said.
The minister assured that the control today does not strengthen: "Everything that was up to 1 April, there is an additional service - an additional service of the Electronic recipe for us to start tracking what we write out what groups of drugs where the drugs are released. What disease is prescribed or other drug. "
Lyashko added that the Ministry of Health will be sent for the certification of those doctors who, for example, treat acute respiratory viral infections with antibiotics or prothromicrobial drugs. "And this must be influenced, because the moneral lies a big problem that we do not know about," - the Minister.
Read also: He added that today the idea is formed, as if the pharmacy worker is a chessetor, who should have a situation and begin to be treated at a pharmacy or pharmacy.At the same time, he noted that in the territories determined by the order of the Ministry of Reintegration and active fighting is conducted, a person can come to the pharmacy and buy any drug without any prescription and consultation. "Because there we decide on accessibility in the first red," Lyashko added.
Read also: As reported, in Ukraine, since April 1, prescription drugs will be released according to an electronic prescription, at the same time it will continue to operate the andpape recipe.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690273-lasko-pro-kontrol-nad-prodazem-likiv-zalisaetsa-te-so-bulo-do-1-kvitna.html 
Kyiv court arrested Metropolit Pavel of Moscow Orthodox Church for 2 months 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-04-01T13:54:56
Location: Kyiv, Kyiv city (Latitude:50.45433 Longtitude:30.51802)
Videos: []
Images: [" 22552927_0.jpg "]
Tags: []
Id: 22552927
Kyiv court arrested Metropolit Pavel of Moscow Orthodox Church for 2 months
 News Collection Link: https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/1-april-kyiv-court-arrested-metropolit-pavel-of-moscow-orthodox 
News Source: https://t.me/liganet/25722 
"Ingulets" snatched victory over "Mine" in the starting game of the 19th round of UPL 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T14:00:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T14:00:00+03:00
Description: On Saturday, the 19th round of the Ukrainian Football Championship was launched among the Premier League clubs (UPL). - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Футбол', "Прем'єр-ліга", 'Інгулець', 'Минай']
Type: Article
 On Saturday, the 19th round of the Ukrainian Football Championship among Premier League Clubs(UPL).
Закарпатський «Минай» на останніх секундах поступився «Інгульцю» з Петрового -1:2, передає Укрінформ.
Голи: Юрій Кравчук (21st minute)- Alexander Melnyk("Minaj", 84, in the carrier)and(Maxim Kovalev, 90+5, with a penalty).
«Минай» має 18 очок (12th place), Ingulets became 22(8th).
У ці хвилини у чемпіонаті триває гра харківського «Металіста» з ковалівським«Колосом».
Сьогодні також зіграють рівненський «Верес» і криворізький «Кривбас»,«Олександрія» і полтавська «Ворскла».
У неділю, 2 квітня, проведуть між союою поєдинки «Львів» та київське «Динамо»(Start at 13.00), Kharkiv Metalist 1925 and Dnipro-1(14.00), Odessa Chernomorets and Shakhtar Donetsk(15.00), Lugansk "Zorya" and Lviv "Movement"(15.00).
Читайте також: Shakhtar leads in the UPL standings, which has 42 points(After 17 games)then - Dnipro -1 - 39(17), Zorya - 37(18), «Dynamo» - 33(18)and Alexandria - 28(17).
Фото: upl.ua.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690275-ingulec-virvav-peremogu-nad-minaem-u-startovij-gri-19go-turu-upl.html 
Zaluzhny showed how the Armed Forces from British guns destroyed the Russian "spear" 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T14:02:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T14:02:00+03:00
Description: Ukrainian artillerymen, with the help of a British gun, destroyed the Russian LNG-9 spear together with the ammunition. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16598... "]
Tags: ['ЗСУ', 'Валерій Залужний', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 Ukrainian artillerymen with the help of the British gun destroyed the Russian LNG-9 "spear" together with the ammunition.
According to Ukrinform, Valeryzaluzhny reported in by posting the appropriate video.
“Our artillerymen completed the combat mission with the help of the British gun119. They destroyed the enemy LNG-9 spear together with the ammunition. And also a damaged mortar 2V9 "Vasylok", - said Zaluzhny.
Video: Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, the Defense Forces of Ukraine from February 24, 2022 to April 1 2023 About 173 thousand 990 Russian ashes, with 630 people in the past day alone.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690276-zaluznij-pokazav-ak-zsu-z-britanskih-garmat-znisili-rosijskij-spis.html 
The enemy fired at Kharkiv region, there is a dead 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T14:05:41+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T14:05:41+03:00
Description: As a result of a hostile shelling of the village of two -year Kupyansk district in Kharkiv region, a civilian man was killed. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_15389... "]
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Харківщина', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 A civilian man was a civilian managing in Kharkiv region.
This was reported in Oleg Synigubov, Head of Kharkiv Regional Military Administration, Ukrinform reports.
“The enemy continues to shells the settlements of the region. Today, at 12:00 o'clock, a 43 -year -old man was killed in the village of two -year -olds as a result of the strikes of the invaders, ”Sinegubov informed.
Read also: It was reported that the two -year -old suffers from enemy shelling daily. The Uubyansky district continues fighting. 29 settlements there are still in occupation, three more - in the "gray" zone where the collisions directly occur.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690277-vorog-obstrilav-harkivsinu-e-zagiblij.html 
Scientists have made a new detailed map Mars thanks to the Oae probe 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T14:08:25+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T14:08:25+03:00
Description: A group of scientists under the leadership of New York University of Abuad and the Center for Space Science of the United Arab Emirates created a new detailed map of the red planet thanks to the Hope Space Probe. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16159... ", " 1680347120-35... "]
Tags: ['Космос', 'Марс', 'ОАЕ', 'Планета']
Type: Article
 Groups under the guidance of New York University Abu Dhabi(Nyud)and the Central Center for the United Arab Emirates created a new detailed map of the red planet thanks to the Hope Space Space.
As Ukrinform reports, it reports .
The map shows the red planet through the eyes of the latest on -board HOPE - Emirates Exploration Imager(EXI).
«Ми плануємо зробити нашу мапу доступною для всієї планети як частину новогота вдосконаленого атласу which we are coming over. It will be available in both English and Arabic afternoon. We hope that this availability will make it a wonderful tool for researchers, as well as students to learn more about Mars Iprove to refine the opportunities that the Space Sector in the UAE can offer, ”the group leader and researcher at Nyuad Dimitra Atri.
 Photo: nyu abudhabi
It is noted that in order to create this map, atri and the team, more than 3,000 EXI observations made during one Martian year, that is, the period equivalent to two years on Earth, and united them together to form a colored composition.
Read also: The card obtained shows many basic geological features of the red planet in high resolution.
As reported by Ukrinform, the Space Probe "Hope"(Arab. - Al Amal Abo English. -Hope)The United Arab Emirates were launched in July 2020.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3690278-uceni-zrobili-novu-detalizovanu-mapu-marsa-zavdaki-zondu-z-oae.html 
Defense forces destroyed in the Bakhmut direction 162 invaders - Cherry 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T14:14:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T14:14:00+03:00
Description: During the day of the Defense Forces of Ukraine, 162 Russian invaders were eliminated, 157 were injured. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16753... "]
Tags: ['Бахмут', 'ЗСУ', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 162 Russian invaders, 157, were abolished during the Defense Force of Ukraine.
The spokesman of the Eastern Urgent Armed Forces of the Armed Forces Sergey Cherevaty reported this on the air of the Televahorphone "Unified News", Ukrinform correspondent reports.
"Bakhmut remains one of the priority goals of the enemy. During this day, he struck 120 strokes of the Bakhmut Front.
Read also: He noted that the number of attacks in the Bakhmut area has decreased slightly, if 35-50 attacks or more were previously, now from 17 to 25.
"However, it should be borne in mind that these are only powerful strokes in our defense forces. There are still complex factors, and weather conditions, and efforts to somehow overgrade their forces," the spokesman said.
Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, the Russian army continues to focus the basic efforts to take offensive actions in the Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivsky Tamarin directions.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690274-sili-oboroni-znisili-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-162-zagarbnikiv-cerevatij.html 
In Luhansk region, invaders do not stop firing Nevskoye, wounded woman 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T14:21:50+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T14:21:50+03:00
Description: In the Luhansk region, invaders from March 31 not stop firing the village of Nevskoye, wounded a woman, houses were destroyed. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Луганщина', 'Обстріл', 'Поранені', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 Naulganschyna invaders from March 31 not stop firing Selonevske, wounded a woman, houses were destroyed.
About it in The Luhansk regional administration reported, Ukrinform reports.
“The fire, which was opened by the Russians on the settlement last night, does not subside. Around 17:00 on March 31 as a result of enemy artillery A woman of 1989 was born in trauma, injury. The first aid was provided by military doctors. The victim was evacuated to the hospital in Kramatorsk. Her house is damaged - there is a completely destroyed roof. But from the home of another, Nevsky, only the funnel in the ground remained. Fortunately, at that moment, he was absent at home, ”said Alexei Smirnov, Alexei Smirnov.
Read also: He added that three other private homes were destroyed. There is a whirlwind, a cut roof.
Last day it was reported in the Lyman direction enemy Obsectual offensive actions near the settlements of Makiivka, Kreminna, Chervonopopivka, Dibrova, Bigorivka and in the Serebryansky Forestry.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690136-zsu-vidbili-70-atak-zagarbnikiv-na-cotiroh-napramkah.html)Nevskoye, Chervonopovka, Dibrova, Bigorivka, Luhansk region, as well as controversial -Donetsk.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690280-na-lugansini-zagarbniki-ne-pripinaut-obstriluvati-nevske-poranena-zinka.html 
At the border with Belarus provocation is not recorded, the situation under control - Naev 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T14:25:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T14:25:00+03:00
Description: At present, no enemy provocations have been recorded on the northern border of Ukraine. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16788... "]
Tags: ['білорусь', 'Кордон', 'Сергій Наєв', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 Currently, no enemy provocations have been recorded in the semi -nervous border of Ukraine.
The commander of the Joint Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, Lieutenant General Sergiyev, stated in a comment to Ukrinform correspondent.
"There was currently no provocations from the enemy, but we are constantly monitoring to respond in a timely manner to prevent provocative actions," - said.
According to him, the Ukrainian defense forces monitor the situation in the semi -nervous direction around the clock to identify and neutralize possible threats. The Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces assured that the situation in the north direction is controlled
“Russian troops are in border areas from the side . They are also on the part of the Kursk Ibryansk regions. They carry out systematic shelling. Our defenders carry out and control the situation to stabilize the situation, ”the Lieutenant General.
According to him, the forces of Ukraine's defense also carry out all the necessary assignment of hostile air goals.
Read also: "The Russians use the same drones against Ukraine - they are" Shahidi ". Supported drones such as" Orlan "and" Warta. " , -Naev.
As it was reported, on April 1, the Ukrainian military received yet 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690283-na-pivnicnomu-kordoni-vorozi-provokacii-ne-zafiksovani-situacia-pid-kontrolem-naev.html 
In Slavyansk, because of bad weather, high -rise and 260 private households 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T14:32:01+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T14:32:01+03:00
Description: In Slavyansk, work is underway to eliminate the consequences of bad weather, without light there are separate high -rise buildings and 260 subscribers in the private sector. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16711... "]
Tags: ['Донеччина', "Слов'янськ", 'Негода']
Type: Article
 The Slavic work is underway to eliminate the consequences of bad weather, without lighting separate high -rise buildings and 260 subscribers in the private sector.
This was reported in The Slavic City Administration, Ukrinform reports.
“As of yesterday's morning from the residents of the community, more than 3,000 applications were not received . Currently, there are separate high -rises in the city center and 260 about the private sector, ”the message reads.
The City Hall noted that all applications received on the hotline and for RAM were recorded and hired.
Read also: “It takes time to perform them. I note that repair work can require short -term power outage where it is ground. I ask you to understand this, ”said Vadim Liakh, the Chief Slavic City Military Administration.
The city administration added that city services were harvesting trees that have fallen snow.
As it was reported, on March 31 in Donetsk, due to the rapid deterioration of the weather, many trees fell in recognized snow. There was no surviving neighborhoods in the Slavyansk light, and the line -electric transmission was also cliffs in Kramatorsk and Konstantinovka.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690288-u-slovansku-cerez-negodu-znestrumleni-bagatopoverhivki-ta-260-privatnih-domovolodin.html 
The nominal GDP of Ukraine in five years will reach ₴ 10.5 trillion - the IMF 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T14:32:38+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T14:32:38+03:00
Description: According to the forecast calculations of the IMF, nominal GDP of Ukraine can reach 10.5 trillions by 2027. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_15785... "]
Tags: ['Економіка', 'МВФ', 'Гроші']
Type: Article
 According to predatory calculations of the IMF, nominal GDP of Ukraine by 2027 can be 10.5 trillion UAH.
This is stated in , reports Ukrinform.
It is noted that the dynamics of nominal GDP in absolute values will be: in 2023 - 6 trillion UAH, 2024 - 7.3 trillion UAH, 2025 - 8.6 trillion UAH, 2026 -9.7 trillion UAH and in 2027 - 10, 10, 10, 1027 5 trillion UAH.
Read also: Accordingly, the annual increase in real GDP is expected: in 2023 - 1%, 2024 -3.2%, 2025 - 6.5%2026 - 5%and in 2027 - 4%.
Gross Domestic Product(англ. - Gross Domestic Product, GDP)—MACRECRUMICAL ECONOMIC INTERSURE showing the market value of all the final goods of services produced over the year in all sectors of the economy in the territory of the state for consumption, export and accumulation, regardless of national accessories of useful factors of production.
Read also: The IMF Executive Council has been reported(EFF)For Ukraine in the amount of $ 15.6 million.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690289-nominalnij-vvp-ukraini-za-pat-rokiv-sagne-105-triljona-mvf.html 
More than 90 people were evacuated from Deoocupopomen Kherson region a day 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T14:35:11+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T14:35:11+03:00
Description: On March 31, more than 90 people were evacuated from the deocal territory of the Kherson region. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16516... "]
Tags: ['Евакуація', 'Херсонщина']
Type: Article
 On March 31, more than 90 people evacuated the territory of the Kherson region on March 31.
This was reported in Regional military administration, Ukrinform reports.
“From the de -industrial territories 91 people evacuated, 9 of them are children, ”the report said.
According to the OVA, the region continues to restore the power grids. As a day of energy, the energy recovery work was performed on lines that feed rays, Khreschenivka, Novopetrivka, Petropavlovka, Kalinovsk, Borozenske, Maxim Gorky village, David Brid, Kiselovka, Pokrovskoye, Oleksandrivka, Belozerk and Kerson. Energy filed tension in the village of Maximorky and Novopetrovka of Beryslav district - with light now 207 about about about 207.
In Kherson continue to close the contours of the windows. In addition, on March 31, the roof of the building of one of the educational establishments and one of the houses also stopped with metal frames. The Taras Shevchenko Monument.
Read also: Demand continues in the region. The National Police Explosion surveyed 4 hectaretrications, seized 45 explosive objects. The Pyrotechnics of the SES surveyed 6 hectares of territories, seized and disposed of 53 explosive objects. Divisions of the Armed Forces, three surveyed more than 250 hectares of territories, which revealed 47 explosive objects.
As it was reported, the Russian army per day, March 31, carried out 54 shelling of Ferson region, _ Photo illustrative _
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690293-iz-deokupovanoi-hersonsini-za-dobu-evakuuvali-ponad-90-ludej.html 
In Ukraine, about 470 thousand hectares of agricultural land - SESS are required 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T14:41:47+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T14:41:47+03:00
Description: According to the plan approved at a meeting of the National Authority for Mine Activity, in Ukraine it is necessary to exchange about 470 thousand hectares of agricultural land in the territory of nine regions. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16649... "]
Tags: ['ДСНС', 'Розмінування', 'Війна з росією', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 According to the plan, approved at a meeting of the national body for mine -activity, in Ukraine it is necessary to exchange about 470 thousand hectares of agricultural land in the territory of nine oblasts.
About it on air The head of the department of organizational work on humanitarian demining of the SES of Ukraine Sergey Reva said, Ukrinform correspondent reports.
“Last year we have already done work on territories - agriculture. It was Kyiv, Sumy, Chernihiv regions. We managed to exchanges the total area of about 50 thousand hectares. Thus, to provide the autumn field collection campaign and sowing. This year we continue this work to mine agricultural land. In the territory of 9 units that were defined, ”Reva said.
According to him, it is difficult to say how long the process of mineing the specified territories will take, since it is not clearly clear that "what is the nation fields, what is the state of their replacement, what is the density of replacement."
“But we have developed a matrix of priority, we categorize these fields with a density, the density of contamination. This is all determined by local authorities, regional military administrations. And today we can say that about 1,74,000 hectares of these 470 are subject to immediate demining, ”Reva said.
He added that of the 9th regions, the most difficult situation in Kharkiv region, which has been occupied for a long time.
“There is the highest density of contamination. We are currently active in the territory of the Nikolaev region. And we continue to exchange the Kyiv region, Chernihiv, Sumy region. That is, those regions in which the main thing is concentrated is concentrated, ”Reva said.
As it was reported, in Ukraine it is proposed to create a state structure, which will coordinate the humanitarian demining of the territory of our country will target all related organizational issues.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690295-v-ukraini-potrebuut-rozminuvanna-blizko-470-tisac-gektariv-silgospugid-dsns.html 
The Armed Forces was liquidated by a group of saboteurs in the community near Kharkiv 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T14:52:40+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T14:52:40+03:00
Description: Ukrainian defenders destroyed saboteurs who tried to operate in the territory of the border Dergachiv community bordering Kharkov. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16802... "]
Tags: ['Харків', 'Війна з росією', 'ДРГ']
Type: Article
 The Ukrainian respects destroyed saboteurs who tried to operate in the territory of the borderline deergach community bordering Kharkov.
This was reported by the head of the community Vyacheslav Zadorenko in , reports Ukrinform.
“Over the last two weeks, the enemy has systematically fired at borderlines of Dergachivshchyna from aviation and artillery. As a result of the massive art, several private homes were damaged on March 30 in the villages of Graniv, Veterinary, and Kozacha Lopan. Also, Russian invaders tried to carry out exploration of our territory with the help of and sabotage groups. Ukrainian respects eliminated saboteurs and caused a powerful answer to the positions of the workers, ”the message reads.
Despite the shelling, the community plans to rebuild. According to Zadorenko, preliminary agreements with the Japanese-American Foundation "Miyamoto International Ukraine" have been reached and a Memorandum with the Ukrainian-Swiss organization will be signed with a housing sector. "The relevant processes have already been launched," the community chairman said.
Read also: The Dergachiv REM continues to restore the power grids in Slatin and Russian Lozovy. More than 3,700 subscribers from 4300 were connected to light to light to light(86%), in the village of Russian Lozova - 600 subscribers out of 2900(20%). У населених пунктахПрудянського, Токарівського, Проходівського округів через замінуваннятериторій та обмежені спроможності саперів ДСНС про відновлення комунікаційговорити зарано, зазначив Задоренко.
Як повідомлялося, населені пункти Дергачівської громади були звільнені в ходіконтрнаступу ЗСУ у вересні 2022 року.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690298-zsu-likviduvali-grupu-diversantiv-u-gromadi-pid-harkovom.html 
UPL: The Metalist has parted peace with "Kolos" 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T14:54:17+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T14:54:17+03:00
Description: The football players of the Kharkiv Metalist played a draw 0-0 with Kovalivsky Kolos in the 19th round of the Ukrainian Liga Clubs (UPL). - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Футбол', 'Україна', 'ФК Металіст', 'Колос Ковалівка']
Type: Article
 The football player "Metalist" played a draw 0-0 with Kovalivsky "Kolos" in the 19th UTRA(UPL).
Про це передає Укрінформ.
На 47-й хвилині форвард харків'ян Максим Прядун не реалізував пенальті.
«Металіст» тепер має 18 очок (14th place), "Kolos" - 24(6).
У ці хвилини триває поєдинок між рівненським «Вересом» та криворізьким«Кривбасом».
У суботу також пройде гра «Олександрія» - «Ворскла» (Poltava).
У сьогоднішньому стартовому матчі туру «Минай» програв удома «Інгульцю» - 1:2.
У неділю, 2 квітня, проведуть між союою поєдинки «Львів» та київське «Динамо»(Start at 13.00), Kharkiv Metalist 1925 and Dnipro-1(14.00), Odessa Chernomorets and Shakhtar Donetsk(15.00), Lugansk "Zorya" and Lviv "Movement"(15.00).
Читайте також: Shakhtar leads in the UPL standings, which has 42 points(After 17 games)then - Dnipro -1 - 39(17), Zorya - 37(18), «Dynamo» - 33(18)and Alexandria - 28(17).
Фото: upl.ua.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690300-upl-metalist-rozijsovsa-mirom-z-kolosom.html 
Schmigal told the history of the village in Chernihiv region, which meets the anniversary of release from occupation 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T15:00:53+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T15:00:53+03:00
Description: The Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal reminded that on April 1, the year turns in the village of Yaidyna in Chernihiv, which one of the first to take on the Russian invaders, again the Ukrainian flag. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... ", " 1680350297-71... "]
Tags: ['Чернігівщина', 'Шмигаль', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal reminded that on April 1, the year turns as an all-berry in Chernihiv region, which one of the first to take on the Russian flag, again the Ukrainian flag.
As Ukrinform reports, it is reported in his post in .
“Село Ягідне. Чернігівщина. Одне з перших взяло на себе удар російськогозагарбника. Сьогодні рівно рік як наші захисники його звільнили”, - зазначивШмигаль.
Він згадав, як влітку поспілкувалися з жителями, які розповіли про жахиокупації.
Читайте також: “The enemy drove more than three hundred inhabitants of the berry - almost all the population of the village - in the basement of the school, where he was held hostage in inhumane conditions during the month. Among them, half a hundred children, as well as babies. People had to sleep sitting, lacking food and oxygen, ”the Prime Minister reminded.
 Schmigal said that ten people had died due to shortness of breath, about ten more killed by the invaders, and emphasized that all guilty of abuse and atrocities were sure to be punished.
“The year is like a Ukrainian flag in the berry. Year as berry again free. The village and unbreakable people who have passed through hell. Glory to our heroic people. Glory to the heroic defenders of Ukraine. Glory to Ukraine!”He emphasized.
Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, in June 2022, law enforcement officers declared a propesis to 8 military personnel of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation due to the death of 10 civilians in the Berry Chernihiv region in March.
Photo: Denis Shmigal, Facebook
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690302-smigal-rozpoviv-istoriu-sela-na-cernigivsini-ake-zustricae-ricnicu-zvilnenna-vid-okupacii.html 
Ukraine expects the UN General Assembly of the resolution to punish Russia for the crime of aggression - Yermak 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T15:07:22+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T15:07:22+03:00
Description: Ukraine expects the UN General Assembly to adopt a resolution that calls for the punishment of Russia for the crime of aggression. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16774... "]
Tags: ['ООН', 'Резолюція', 'Агресія РФ', 'Єрмак']
Type: Article
 Ukraine is awarding from the UN General Assembly the adoption of a resolution that calls for a punishment for aggression.
As Ukrinform reports with reference to OP Head Andriy Yermak declared this to open in New York, 100 meters from the UN, at the premises of 866 United Plaza International Exhibition "Ukraine. Crucifixion. Tribunal".
The exhibition opened on the initiative of the Presidential Office of Ukraine on March 31 - on the day of Bucha's release from Russian invaders. It is dedicated to the crimes of Russia in Ukraine and is presented on the eve of the UN consideration by the question of creating an international that punishes the Russian crimes of aggression.
The exhibition was organized by the National Museum of History of Ukraine in the Second World War with the support of the Presidential Office. It testifies to Russian crimes by civilians, children and prisoners of war, as well as international humanitarian law and territorial integrity of Ukraine.
On an area of about 2 thousand square meters, more than 1000 exhibits collected during expeditions to newly liberated territories, where the civilians terrorized the civilians.
Ermak at the opening of the exhibition stated that Ukraine considers it extremely important to create an international special tribunal for Russia's leadership.
Read also: He reported that as of the end of March, 90,000 -war crimes were recorded in Ukraine.
"Russia's military crimes are so arrogant and obvious that the International Criminal Court has recently issued a warrant for the arrest of President Vladimir Putin. The main and primary crime committed by the President of Russia, the act of aggression," said OP.
At the same time, according to Yermak, not only Putin was guilty of aggression against Ukraine.
"All these people have to receive on merit. To do this, a special tribunal should be created, who will judge and punish them," the OP head explained.
According to Yermak, aggression crime is a fundamental maternal crime, and every sub -seated in his commission should be held accountable. Read also: Yermak stressed that Ukraine expects the UN General Assembly to adopt a resolution that calls for the punishment of Russia for the crime of aggression. "On behalf of my illnesses who suffer, I urge all of you to support this resolution. And I ask you to do everything possible to hold the terrorist state of reference for the crimes committed," he said.
As reported by Ukrinform, Vladimir - destruction of the Ukrainian people.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3690303-ukraina-ocikue-vid-genasamblei-oon-rezolucii-iz-zaklikom-pokarati-rosiu-za-zlocin-agresii-ermak.html 
In Melitopol through the Terror of the invaders from the hospital window jumped out a guy 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T15:14:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T15:14:00+03:00
Description: There was a tragic case in the hospital of the temporarily occupied Melitopol - the young guy jumped out of the window. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16145... "]
Tags: ['Мелітополь', 'Самогубство', 'Війна з росією', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 The hospital Melitopol had a tragic case - the young guy jumped out of the window.
Ivan Fedorov, the head of Melitopol, told Ukrinform on the national televis "One News" "One News".
"From the fifth floor of our hospital, a civilian person who is enemy to ", - he said.
Fedorov added that before the suicide happened, the guy under the escorts was in the trauma compartment invaders.
According to the mayor, the enemy has a panic mood today, and it breaks down the population.
"The enemy does not escape from the occupied city, but on the contrary - we see that they began to build several new lines of defense. The first line they began to build a peaceful and patience with the interstitial - literally 10 km from Melitopol, also build a border between Zaporizhzhia and Donetsk region and from Donetsk region and from Donetsk region The sides of Kherson are still a single.
Read also: As it was reported, Melitopol has been in temporary occupation since the end of February. This week, the SBU reported the suspicion of four traitors to the Uzelitopol region.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690305-u-melitopoli-cerez-teror-zagarbnikiv-iz-vikna-likarni-vistribnuv-hlopec.html 
The Russians hit Kherson and the region, killed civilian 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T15:19:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T15:19:00+03:00
Description: Russian troops fired at Kherson artillery, as well as the village of Kozatsk, kissing the private sector. As a result of the attacks, one person was killed, one more was injured. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_15389... "]
Tags: ['Херсонщина', 'Обстріл', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 Rfost troops were shot from Kherson artillery, as well as the village of Kozatsk, kissing the private sector. As a result of the attacks, one person was killed, one more was injured.
This was reported by Presidential Office Andriy Ermak in Transfers Ukrinform.
"Russians Kherson region. From the artillery, they were drawn in the city of Kherson, hit the private house - a person of the head was killed, "he wrote.
At the same time, Yermak noted that they also fired at the village of Kozatsk in Kherson region: they hit a private house. The attack is injured.
Subsequently the Office of the Prosecutor General reported that under the procedural leadership of the Kherson Regional Prosecutor's Office, the fact of shelling began to be pre -trial investigation on the facts of violations of laws and customs of war(h. 1, 2 tbsp. 438 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine).
Слідство встановило, що 1 квітня російські військові здійснили черговийобстріл м. Херсон та смт Козацьке Бериславського району. Ворожі снарядивлучили у житлові будинки, внаслідок чого у місті загинув чоловік. У селищітравмовано чотирьох місцевих. Остаточна кількість потерпілих уточнюється,обстріли тривають.
"Прокурори продовжують вживати всі можливі та належні заходи длядокументування воєнних злочинів, вчинених представниками збройних сил рф", -зауважують у відомстві.
Читайте також: As Ukrinform reported earlier, from the de -industrial territory of Kherson region31 March 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690308-rosiani-vdarili-po-hersonu-ta-oblasti-zaginuv-civilnij.html 
The first Swiss tram tram 2000 was sent to Vinnitsa 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T15:28:09+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T15:28:09+03:00
Description: The first Swiss tram of Tram 2000 was delivered to Vinnitsa. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Вінниця', 'Трамвай']
Type: Article
 The first Swiss tram of Tram 2000 was in Vinnytsia.
The video was posted by Mayor Sergey Morgunov in , reports Ukrinform.
"The first arrived!" - the official wrote.
Read also: Vinnitsa was reported to update the electric transport park with 35 trams made in the late 1980s in Switzerland. Their salons of 50 sitting and54 standing places. The Tram 2000 tram delivery schedule has shifted in 2022 due to a full -scale invasion of Russia.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690310-u-vinnicu-dopravili-persij-svejcarskij-tramvaj-tram-2000.html 
Volunteers will continue to have access to medicines for the military - NSAU 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T15:39:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T15:39:00+03:00
Description: Volunteers will continue to buy all the necessary medicines to send to the front. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16425... "]
Tags: ['Ліки', 'Волонтери']
Type: Article
 Volunteeria will continue to buy all the necessary medicines for the sending of Naphrort.
The head of the National Health Service of Ukraine said this(NSAU)Nataliagusak is on the air of the Teleterna "One News", Ukrinform correspondent reports.
"We have already gone with such a myth when an electronic recipe for an antibiotic was introduced. Once volunteers would not have access. Fortunately, access to volunteers continue to be present. Within the framework Taxama directly in distributors in certain parties to send Nafroron, "Gusak said.
Read also: At the same time, she noted that it was necessary to approach the selection of medicines more demanding.
"But at the same time, we say that the boys and girls who are now fighting there, they need to be healed. That is, there should also be a preparation medicinal product," Gusak added.
As it was reported, in Ukraine .
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690314-volonteri-j-nadali-matimut-dostup-do-likiv-dla-vijskovih-nszu.html 
Dzhokovich will again lead the list of the best tennis players 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T16:00:28+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T16:00:28+03:00
Description: Novak Djokovich will again become the first racket of the world. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Теніс', 'Новак Джокович']
Type: Article
 NovAkodokovich will again become the first racket of the world.
This was reported on ATP, reports Ukrinform.
22-time champion of "Great Helme" tournaments Novak Dzhokovich will again start the ATP rating.
Read also: This was made possible after the defeat of the current first racket of Karlas Alkaras Upinals "Masters" in Miami - he did not protect the points for last year's title.
Photo: Getty Images
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690321-dzokovic-znovu-ocolit-spisok-najkrasih-tenisistiv.html 
Finland should become a NATO member in the coming weeks - the Foreign Minister 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T16:03:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T16:03:00+03:00
Description: Finland should officially become a NATO member for the coming weeks, an invitation from the Alliance Secretary General may come any day. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16514... "]
Tags: ['Фінляндія', 'МЗС', 'НАТО']
Type: Article
 Finland has officially become a NATO member for the coming weeks, and the Alliance may be invited by the Alliance Secretary.
This was stated by the Minister of Foreign Affairs Pekka Kaavisto, Ukrinform reports to .
“Obviously, Turkey will deliver the Dovashington ratification document as soon as possible, where it will be stored in the US State Department. When this happens, the Americans will inform NATO Stoltenberg Secretary General, and he will send an invasion. This can happen any day. If I need to give an assessment, I will say that it is about Monday, Tuesday. If the sending of the document goes according to the plan, then next week or a week can be laid steps towards NATO, ” - said Caavisto.
Read also: He noted that it is unknown now who would go to sign the final document, but in any case it is the Foreign Ministry.
In Turkey The Law on Ratification of the Protocol on NATO Finland membership. The abduction document was published in the official Rosmi Gazete Government.
Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, on March 30, the draft law on the approval of the Finnish report in NATO was adopted by the General Assembly(parliament)Turkey.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690318-finlandia-mae-stati-clenom-nato-najblizcimi-tiznami-glava-mzs.html 
The Shevchenkivsky District Court of Kiev will continue to choose a measure of restraint of Metropolitan Pavel on Monday 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T16:16:24+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T16:16:24+03:00
Description: The Shevchenkivsky District Court of Kyiv will continue to choose a preventive measure of the Metropolitan of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church (Moscow Patriarchate) to Pavel (Swan) on Monday, April 3. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Суд', 'УПЦ МП', 'Київ']
Type: Article
 Shevchenkivskyi District Court of Kyiv will continue to elect a measure of restraint of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church.(Moscow Patriarchate)Paul(Swan)On Monday, April 3.
This was reported by Ukrinform correspondent.
The election of a preventive measure was postponed to a poor state of health mintropolitan.
Read also: It was reported that the Security Service of Ukraine in the morning of April 1 under Part 1 of Art. 161 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine(violation of equality of citizens depending on their racial, national, regional affiliation, religious beliefs)and Part 1 of Art.436-2(justification, denial of armed aggression of the Russian Federation against Ukraine, glorification of its participants). У його будинку провели обшуки.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690325-sevcenkivskij-rajsud-kieva-u-ponedilok-prodovzit-obirati-zapobiznij-zahid-mitropolitu-pavlu.html 
UPL: Kryvbas won "Heather" 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T16:21:20+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T16:21:20+03:00
Description: Kryvorizhka rose to the 6th place in the Ukrainian Championship. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Футбол', "Прем'єр-ліга", 'Верес']
Type: Article
 Kryvorizhzhka rising to the 6th place in the Ukrainian Championship.
Kryvbas has overcome "Heather" 2: 1 in the 19th round of the Ukrainian Premier League, Ukrinform reports.
In Kryvbas, Prikhodko and Ponedelkin were distinguished. "Heather" responds with a stroke of Bliznichenko.
The victory over Heather allowed Kryvbas to rise to the 6th place in UPL.
Read also: As reported, Shakhtar heads the Championship of Ukraine, with 42 points after 17 matches.
Photo: FC Kryvbas
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690328-upl-krivbas-peremig-veres.html 
Seitablaev declared work on a big project about the forces of Taroboron 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T16:22:40+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T16:22:40+03:00
Description: Ukrainian director, screenwriter and actor Akhtem Seitablaev is working on a large -scale project on territorial defense forces. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_15205... "]
Tags: ['Сеітаблаєв', 'Режисер', 'Тероборона']
Type: Article
 Ukrainian director, screenwriter and actor Akhtem Seitablaev is working on a large -scale prophet on territorial defense forces.
He told about it in a comment to Ukrinform correspondent.
“Now we are working on a huge project of 32 series about silver -defense, we are preparing for artistic tapes. In addition, we are engaged in a computational activity - the coverage of the activity of the TRA forces through the communication service with the communication where I pass the service, ”the director said.
At the same time, he emphasized the importance of information struggle.
“There is not always a clear understanding of people on whom it depends, what a powerful carrier. Information provided in a timely manner, reasoned, convincingly, is the power. Compared to anabiosis several years ago, it has a mammetric progression in the issue of Ukraine's resistance in the information space. It becomes a constant institution as a synergy of all structures that correspond to earnings with information. Information operations, for the verification of the population for durability begin, ”Seitablaev emphasized.
Read also: As it was reported, the Ukrainian military to destroy enemy air purposes. One of the ambassadors projected Akhtem Seitablaev.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3690329-seitablaev-zaaviv-pro-robotu-nad-velikim-proektom-pro-sili-teroboroni.html 
WARNING!Children are wanted 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T16:24:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T16:24:00+03:00
Description: If you have information about missing children - call 116,000 - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16595... ", " 1659527406-45... ", " 1659527405-64... ", " 1659527404-52... ", " 1659527405-49... ", " 1659527406-83... ", " 1659948836-62... ", " 1659948835-93... ", " 1668596593-53... ", " 1668596592-60... ", " 1668596592-11... "]
Tags: None
Type: Article
 If you have information about missing children - call 116 000
Anastasia Tolstokorova, 4 years 
 On March 12, 2022, 4-year-old Anastasia Tolstokorov disappeared after the explosion of the Uchin in Mariupol. Where it is now is unknown.
Signs of the baby: looks 4-5 years, lean, blond hair, blue.
rose Kaminskaya, 2 years 
 On March 1, 2022, the 2-year Rosa Kaminskaya disappeared with her family of the Ubuchansky district in Kyiv region.
The family is likely to be in Poland.
Catherine Quail, 8 years 
 In January 2022, an 8-year-old girl, together with her father, left a residence in Kharkiv region and still not contact. Provisional information,
the settlement where Katya lives with her father and grandmother, is under
temporary occupation by Russian troops.
Signs of the baby: looks 9 years old, skinny, blond hair, dark eyes.
Special signs: wears glasses.
Andriy Oksenenko, 17 years old 
 17-year-old Andriy Oksenenko disappeared in Kiev.
On July 10 2022 the guy left the house and back so far.
Andrew there are still no news.
Guy signs: looks 19 years old, 180-190 cm tall, thin, dark-haired
Gray eyes.
Andriy Kadigrob, 13 years old 
 Help find 13-year-old Andrew Kadigrob, who disappeared in Kirovograd region!
On July 21, 2022, the guy left home to the forest in the village. Rosdolia and up to the present time
Back never returned. Where he is now is unknown.
Signs of the baby: looks 13-14 years old, 140 cm in height, thin, dark-haired.
Clothes: white T -shirt, black pants, blue flip flops.
Elizabeth Mandic, 16 years 
 On May 25, 2022, the girl disappeared in the village. Kivsharivka in Kharkiv region.
Signs of the baby: looks 17 years old, 158 cm in height, skinny, blonded, gray-green eyes.
Special signs: wears glasses.
Mykola Grigoriev, 17 years old 
 
Signs: looks 17 years old, 170 cm in height, slim, light short -haired.
Clothes: black T -shirt, blue shorts, black sneakers.
 11-year-old Gleb Cherepanov disappeared in Donetsk region.
On March 12, 2022, the boy, along with his grandmother, was sub -shot in Mariupol. Since then, there are no news about them. Where they are with them - it is unknown!
 8-year-old Margarita Mitunina disappeared in Kherson region.
On October 10, 2022, the girl disappeared in the village. Red lighthouse. By recent information, it could be taken to Crimea.
 ****
16-year-old Sergei Samoilov disappeared in Donetsk region.
As early as March 2022, the teenager disappeared in Donetsk after the Missariupol. So far, there are no news about him and where he is now - it is unknown!
Signs of the baby: looks 16-17 years, medium physique, brown hair.
*!
For subscribers of all mobile operators calls - free. 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html 
In Kharkiv, a man exploded on an explosive device in his yard 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T16:31:54+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T16:31:54+03:00
Description: In Kharkiv region, a man exploded on an unknown explosive device while in his own yard. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16444... "]
Tags: ['Міна', 'Харківщина', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 Naarkivshchyna, a man exploded on an unknown explosive device, which is his own yard.
The head of Kharkiv Ova Oleg Synigubov reported this in , reports Ukrinform.
"Around 3:30 pm in the village of Dovgalivka, Izium district, while in his own way, a 59 -year -old man was injured on an unknown explosive device.
The head of the Ova urged all residents of the region to remember the high miner's safety on . He also reminded that in the event of a suspicious object, it is in no way possible to turn it. It is necessary to move away at a safe distance and report to the National Police.
Read also: Earlier it was reported that today a civilian man was killed today as a result of a hostile shelling of the village Kupyansky district in Kharkiv.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690332-na-harkivsini-colovik-pidirvavsa-na-vibuhovomu-pristroi-u-svoemu-dvori.html 
The forces of Terroborons began based on NATO standards "Capital Schools" 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T16:36:25+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T16:36:25+03:00
Description: Territorial defense forces began based on the standards of training of NATO member states "Vyshkil Captains", designed to promptly solve the problem of the lack of qualified middle-level commanders. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_14721... "]
Tags: ['НАТО', 'ЗСУ', 'Військові навчання']
Type: Article
 Forces defense began based on the standards of training of NATO member states "Vyshkil Captains", designed to promptly solve the problem of the skilled middle-level commanders.
As Ukrinform reports, with reference to The Ministry of Defense of Ukraine, Protess was stated by the headquarters - Deputy Commander of the Forces of the Territorial Defense Forces of Ukraine Brigade General Sergey Sobko.
According to him, before the start of the full -scale invasion of the force of the terroboronarya, just over six thousand personnel.
“Today we are tens of thousands: someone with military experience, most are yesterday. But we are united by the desire to beat the invaders, ”the brigade geneer said.
According to Sobko, since the beginning of the reflection of the Russian invasion, not every unit has been preparing enough time. Some battalions had to take positions immediately. Others were able to gain the necessary skills.
Read also: Now almost all units are already with combat experience. Terrobronivtsi participated in the counter -offensive in Kharkiv and Donetsk region. Kiev, Kharkiv, Sumy, Chernihiv, released Kherson, Lyman, Izum, Kupyansk and other cities, recalled.
Today, according to him, the Troy soldiers perform tasks on the hottest front of the front: near the coal, Avdiivka, Bakhmut, Kreminna.
"In order to quickly solve the problem of the lack of qualified commanders of the Middle Lanka, platoons and mouth, we have started a unique for our armed rifle project called" Vyshkil Captains "," Sobko informed.
The course is based on the standards of training of Member States and the experience of Russian-Ukrainian watches is taken into account. The course instructors are combat officers who have been trained abroad and report to others.
As reported by Ukrinform, from February 24, 2022 to July 1, 2023, about 173 thousand 990 Russian invaders were eliminated from February 24, 2023.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690335-sili-teroboroni-rozpocali-zasnovanij-na-standartah-nato-kurs-viskil-kapitaniv.html 
The Russians fired at the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region three times - 14 "arrivals" 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T16:45:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T16:45:00+03:00
Description: As of 4:00 pm Saturday, April 1, Russian troops fired three times the border of the Chernihiv and Sumy region. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16777... "]
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Сумщина', 'Кордон', 'Чернігівщина', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 As of 16:00 Saturday, April 1, Russian troops fired three times the border and Sumy region.
According to Ukrinform, the Operational Command "North" reports in .
From 12:10 to 12:25 four strokes were recorded, probably from the artillery, the Understanding of Karpovichi settlement(Chernihiv region).
Крім того, з 12:20 до 12:25 зафіксовано три , probably with LNG, into the area of the locality(Chernihiv region).
Читайте також: From 14:35 to 14:45 seven beats were also recorded, probably from the SAU, in the district of Sidorivka.(Sumy region).
«Про втрати серед місцевого населення чи пошкодження цивільної інфраструктуриінформація не надходила», - сказано в повідомленні.
Як повідомляв Укрінформ, армія російської федерації за добу eight regions of Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690338-rosiani-trici-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-i-sumsini-14-prilotiv.html 
Diaspora held an action on the anniversary of Bucha's release near Shevchenko's monument in Skopje 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T16:50:31+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T16:50:31+03:00
Description: A campaign organized by a community of Ukrainians named after Lesya Ukrainka was held near the monument to Taras Shevchenko in the center of Skopie. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... ", " 1680356845-38... ", " 1680356862-52... ", " 1680356890-37... "]
Tags: ['Буча', 'Діаспора', 'Посольство', 'Північна Македонія', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 Taras Shevchenko's battlefield in the center of Skopje hosted an action organized by Lesya Ukrainka Ukrainians to the anniversary of the liberation of the Armed Forces of the city of Bucha, Kyiv region.
As Ukrinform reports, about it in The Embassy of Ukraine in Northern Macedonia reported.
 "The Ukrainians gathered to commemorate the victims of the Buchan tragedy of the Tasasudui a rigid Russian military aggression against Ukraine," - said.
Read also: 
 During the event, the head of the community of Ukrainians, Alexander Urbanovich, announced the text of the open letter of the community to representatives of the Russian Embassy in the Northern Macedonia with a call to stop the uncoated aggression of the Russian Federation against independent Ukraine, and not to support the Kremlin's criminal regime.
 It is noted that all criminals of the Russian Federation will be punished.
We will remind, the community of Ukrainians named after Lesya Ukrainka and the Embassy of Ukraine by Education of Macedonia On March 9, a joint event for honoring the Ukrainian poet, writer, artist Shevchenko will be a joint event.
Foto: Embassy of Ukraine in the Republic of North Macedonia / Facebook 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3690339-diaspora-provela-akciu-u-ricnicu-zvilnenna-buci-bila-pamatnika-sevcenku-u-skope.html 
In Uzhgorod, the All -Ukrainian Judo Tournament started 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T17:02:29+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T17:02:29+03:00
Description: In Uzhgorod, the All -Ukrainian Judo Tournament has started, and sportsmen from the de -cupoun regions and those where hostilities are ongoing. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... ", " 1680357493-15... ", " 1680357493-93... ", " 1680357513-64... "]
Tags: ['Ужгород', 'Дзюдо', 'Змагання']
Type: Article
 In Uzhgorodistarticles the All -Ukrainian Judo Tournament, also competing for the sportsmen and those where hostilities are ongoing.
This was reported in Transcarpathian Ova, reports Ukrinform.
"Today in Uzhgorod the III All -Ukrainian open tournament with Judo" Randori Spring Cup ". Hundreds of athletes from different parts of the country have arrived in a pre -region to fight for the main awards message.
 Read also: 
 It is noted that among the participants there are fighters from the regions where the fighting is conducted and the deocal territories.
 It was reported that Ukrainian won medals in Tbilisi(Georgia)At the next stage of the Grand Slam series.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690344-v-uzgorodi-startuvav-vseukrainskij-turnir-z-dzudo.html 
In Ecuador there was a landslide of soil - at least 23 dead 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T17:15:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T17:15:00+03:00
Description: In the city of Alaus, there was a landslide in the Andes. Valido about 23 dead, rescue units continue to seek missing missing. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Еквадор', 'Поранені', 'Загибель', 'Зсув']
Type: Article
 In the citylas, there was a landslide in the Andes. It is a kind of 23 dead, rescue detachments to look for missing persons.
As Ukrinform reports, it reports .
The incident happened at night. According to official data, about 850 people were shifted as a result, 57 buildings were destroyed.
The number of dead is gradually increasing, as rescue units receive access to homes that have been covered with a huge amount of land.
Safety protocols are used to stabilize the soil so that rescuers can continue search and rescue work in the affected area, including the use of special equipment.
Read also: At least 67 people are still considered missing, 38 people have received traumas.
The Extra Emergency Agency has warned the potential shift in the area of 247 hectares in Alaus in February.
On Friday, the authorities also published similar warnings about other cities located in the Andes. On the eve of strong Roads, bridges and other infrastructure in the area were destroyed.
_ Photo: EPA _
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690352-v-ekvadori-stavsa-zsuvu-gruntu-sonajmense-23-zagiblih.html 
A conference on military surgery with the participation of Ukrainian representatives was opened in Riga 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T17:21:49+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T17:21:49+03:00
Description: On Saturday, a two-day Riga International Conference of Military Surgery Forum was opened, which considers the problems of military surgery, microsurge, taking into account the experience gained during the Russian-Ukrainian war. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Латвія', 'Медицина']
Type: Article
 On Saturday, a two-day Riga International Conference of Military Surgery Forum is considered to be considering the problems of military surgery, microsurge, taking into account the experience acquired during the Russian-Ukrainian war.
This was reported by Ukrinform correspondent.
The MSFR2023 conference is held at the House of Science of Latvian University. The event was attended by the first lady of Lithuania, a physician with the constant practices of Pandera Levite. MSFR2023 includes reputable military surgery, microsurgery from many countries of the world - Latvia, Israel, USA, Finland, and more. But the largest representation and the number of reports in the West - from The organizers of the conference are Latvian microsurgeons Olafs Libermanis and Martinshmalzubris. Last year, they worked in Ukraine, assisting the wounded and civilian. Their plans are to help establish the Ukrainian large -scale microsurgeon training system.
Head of the Boryspil Primary Assistance Clinic MSFR2023 Use Report on Prospects for Development of Learning and Impossibility in Microsurgery. This involves the creation of a scientific and practical center of constructive-restorative microsurgery in Ukraine, where in addition to our own operations could be carried out training and advanced training of specialists.
Read also: As it was reported, at the National Rehabilitation Center "unbreakable" doctors conducted a reconstructive operation and formed a new skull to the defender from the Zar, to whom the enemy projectile hit the head.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690349-u-rizi-vidkrilasa-konferencia-z-vijskovoi-hirurgii-za-ucastu-ukrainskih-predstavnikiv.html 
Alexandria defeated Vorskla in UPL 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T17:22:30+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T17:22:30+03:00
Description: Ruslan Rotan won the first victory at the head of the Alexandrians. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Футбол', "Прем'єр-ліга", 'Ворскла', 'Олександрія']
Type: Article
 Ruslantan won the first victory at the head of the Alexandrians.
Alexandria defeated Vorskla on her field 3-0 in the 19th round of the Ukrainian Presremier-League, Ukrinform reports.
In the Alexandrians, Kulakov and Loginov were scored, he scored his own.
The victory allowed Alexandria to approach Dynamo at a distance of 2 -penns.
Read also: Shakhtar was reportedly headed by UPL, having 42 points after 17 mats.
Photo: FC Alexandria
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690350-oleksandria-rozgromila-vorsklu-v-upl.html 
Moravetsky told about the order of 100 APC Rosomak for the Armed Forces of Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T17:23:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T17:23:00+03:00
Description: For the Ukrainian army, 100 Rosomak wheel armored personnel carriers will be purchased in Poland. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Польща', 'Моравецький', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 For the Ukrainian army, 100 wheel armored personnel carriers will be purchased in Poland.
This was stated by the Prime Minister of Mateusz Moravetsky at the plant in Semianovitsa-Schlonsky, which produces this equipment, Ukrinform reports with reference to .
«Я привіз замовлення, яке отримав учора від Прем’єра України Дениса Шмигаля,на 100 "росомаків", які тут вироблятимуться», — заявив Моравецький.
Читайте також: He added that the purchase will be paid for by funds from European and American funds that support Ukraine.
In his opinion, Rosomak armored personnel carriers, like Kraba howitzers, become a national export brand of the Polish weapons, now Poland has negotiated their sale with other countries. Moravetsky noted that the equipment - near Krab - "is the pride of the Polish defense industry."
According to the Head of Government, the plant in Semyanovitsa-Schlonsky can produce a number of 100 Rosomak a year.
Read also: The Prime Minister noted that Poland is increasingly investing in manufacturing.
“It is known that the armament of the army requires three things - money, money and evenly. The Polish budget guarantees the stability of expenditures and investments in the Vpol defense industry. It is very important to remember. Because the one who is forgiven will once be forced to invest in someone else's. And we do not want it, ”Moravetsky said.
As it was reported, Poland is in favor of an increase in the European Peace Fund, and the acquisition of weapons for Ukraine is funded.
Photo: Pap/Zbigniew Meissner
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690351-moraveckij-rozpoviv-pro-zamovlenna-100-btr-rosomak-dla-zbrojnih-sil-ukraini.html 
Japan abolished the evacuation order in the area near Fukushima-1 NPP 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T17:31:59+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T17:31:59+03:00
Description: The Government of Japan has abolished the evacuation of the population in the Tomiok area near the Fukushima-1 destroyed NPP 12 years after the disaster. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_13273... "]
Tags: ['АЕС', 'Японія', 'Евакуація', 'Фукусіма']
Type: Article
 Government has canceled the evacuation of the population in the area of the tomycapolis of the Fukushima-1 destroyed nuclear power plant 12 years after the disaster.
About it reports Transfers Ukrinform.
As it is noted, residents of the Tomioca district, located southwest Vides, was evacuated in March 2011.
In total, more than 160,000 residents of the surrounding people were evacuated at the time districts.
"The abolition of evacuation is not the ultimate goal, but the beginning of the recovery," said Japan Prime Minister Fumio Kishid at today's ceremony.
He promised that the authorities would continue to work to cancel all the prohibited zones around the scene.
Read also: As it was reported, in March 2011, an earthquake, which caused tsunami, had an earthquake near the northeastern coast. The giant wave covered the Fukushima-1 NPP, which led to the largest accident after the catastrophe of the Zbornobyl NPP in 1986. Fukushima-1 NPPs have a melting active area of the reactors at three power units.
As a result of a natural disaster, 15.9 thousand people were killed in 2011, 2.5 thousand people are considered missing.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690353-aponia-skasuvala-nakaz-pro-evakuaciu-u-castini-rajonu-poblizu-aes-fukusima1.html 
Kuleba urged not to let Moscow abuse the chairman of the UN Council 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T17:37:54+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T17:37:54+03:00
Description: Foreign Minister of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba urged members of the UN Security Council not to allow the Russian Federation to abuse the chairmanship in this body. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16747... "]
Tags: ['Кулеба', 'ООН', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The Minister of Law of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba called on the UN Security Council members the opportunity to abuse the chairmanship in this body.
The Foreign Minister wrote about it in , reports Ukrinform.
"The Russian presidency at the UN Security Council is a slap to the international community. I urge to interfere with the UN Security Council of Russia to prevent any attempts by Russia to abuse the chairmanship. Also reminded that Russia is illegally in the Security Council ", - the minister wrote.
As it was reported, the presidency in the UN Security Council is changing every month alternately. In January, Japan presented, in February - Malta, in March - mobic, in April according to plan - Russia, in May - Switzerland, in June - the UAE.
Read also: Official Washington believes that Russia is not a place in the UN Security Council, there is no legal path to deprive the aggressor of permanent membership of the UN.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3690355-kuleba-zaklikav-ne-dati-moskvi-zlovzivati-golovuvannam-u-radbezi-oon.html 
A well -known fighter with the Mujahide call sign was killed in the Bakhmut direction 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T17:48:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T17:48:00+03:00
Description: In the Bakhmut direction, a well -known fighter with a call sign "Mujahide" was killed. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16174... ", " 1680360497-33... "]
Tags: ['Загибель', 'ООС', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The Nabakhmut direction was killed by a well -known fighter with a call sign "Mujahide".
About it in Refat Chubarov reported the head of the Majlisukhrim Tatar people, Ukrinform reports.
"In the battles in the Bakhmut direction, our brother, Muslim, a well -known Ukrainian fighter Danil Lyashuk with the call sign" Mujahide " - he wrote.
 Danil Lyashuk - Ukrainian military, originally from Brest city(The Republic of Belarus). Після анексії Криму у 2014 році вирішив воювати на боціУкраїни та став до лав добровольчого батальйону "Торнадо", що діяв на сходіУкраїни в зоні ООС (ATO).
Читайте також: In March 2022 after the start of a full -scale invasion("Mujahidean")He got to the front again.
Before his death, the fighter had two injuries when he delivered to his unit captured by the Russian military.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690358-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-zaginuv-vidomij-boec-iz-pozivnim-modzahed.html 
A rally against the UOC-MP passes near the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T17:56:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T17:56:00+03:00
Description: Near the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra, citizens carry out a protest against the UOC (MP). - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16730... "]
Tags: ['Мітинг', 'Київська Лавра', 'Київ']
Type: Article
 Bilyakievo-Pechersk Lavra Citizens hold a protest against the UOC(MP).
Про це повідомляє кореспондент Укрінформу.
Так, декілька сотень людей прийшли на акцію протесту до Києво-Печерськоїлаври. Вони тримають у руках українські прапори, а також плакати: "пашу врашу", "московський патріархат - за російським кораблем", "геть московськихпопів". При цьому вони скандують: "Мерседес на ЗСУ".
Біля входу до лаври УПЦ (MP)She arranged a prayer service, which involved about 1,150 people. The priests of the Moscow Patriarchate have installed columns and try to transform opponents.
Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, .
The Security Service of Ukraine in the morning of April 1 . In his house were searched.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3690361-bila-kievopecerskoi-lavri-prohodit-miting-proti-upc-mp.html 
The number of tornado victims in the US has increased to 11 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T18:15:37+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T18:15:37+03:00
Description: The number of dead as a result of the Tornado in the south and Middle West increased to 11. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16392... "]
Tags: ['США', 'Торнадо']
Type: Article
 The number of tornadoes in the south and middle west of the United States has increased to 11.
About it reports , reports Ukrinform.
As it is noted, four people were killed in the town of Winn, Arkansas. Researchs are registered in Alabama, Illinois, Indiana, Mississippi and Litl Rock.
Read also: Earlier, four dead as a result of a tornado in the United States were reported.
March 26 President Joe Biden After a powerful storm, which killed at least 25 people.
Photo illustrative
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690366-kilkist-zertv-tornado-u-ssa-zrosla-do-11.html 
More than 3,000 electronic recipes have already been discharged in Ukraine on April 1 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T18:26:41+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T18:26:41+03:00
Description: On Saturday, April 1, more than 3,000 electronic recipes were presented in Ukraine for various prescription drugs. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_15524... "]
Tags: ['Ліки', 'МОЗ', 'Е-рецепт']
Type: Article
 On Saturday, April 1, more than 3,000 electronic recipes for various relics were discharged in Ukraine.
About reports Ministry of Health, Ukrinform reports.
"The first results of the use of the service by doctors and patients showed that every time was in vain - the necessary drugs can be bought in pharmacies as Iranian, because their list and conditions of leave have not changed," the Ministry of Health stressed.
The department emphasized that there are no queues in pharmacies at present, all -over medicines are available. At the same time, most essential medicines do not need the prescription.
Read also: "Those medicines that were still prescription, can now be simply received from an electronic recipe. At the time of war, patients can also keep a paper recipe if necessary," the Ministry of Health said.
It is noted at the same time that there are exceptions for the regions where it is ongoing, as well as for the acquisition volunteers for the needs of the medical front.
The department explained that the prescription drug or not - determines it by the manufacturer, who, when applying for registration, indicates the terms of the release. During the examination, this status is either confirmed or changed.
Read also: As it was reported, since August 1 2022, an electronic recipe for Nanttybiotics was introduced, from November 1 - on narcotic(Psychotropic)Drugs. 691 936 electronic recipes for antibacterials and 20 118 - for drugs of narcotic drugs were discharged in 2023 in 2023.(Psychotropic).
Придбати ліки за електронним рецептом в аптеці можна протягом 10 днів (If cenarcotic(Psychotropic)medicine)or within 30 days(For the rest of the prescription drugs).
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690369-v-ukraini-1-kvitna-vze-vipisali-ponad-3-tisaci-elektronnih-receptiv.html 
The court agreed the forced drive of the Metropolitan of the UOC -MP Paul at the evening session 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T18:30:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T18:30:00+03:00
Description: The Shevchenkivsky District Court of Kyiv postponed a meeting on the appointment of a preventive measure to the governor of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra Metropolitan Pavel today, 18:30, and agreed to his forced release. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Суд', 'УПЦ МП', 'Київська Лавра']
Type: Article
 The Shevchenkivsky District Court of Kyiv postponed a meeting on the appointment of a convergence of the Metropolitan Pavel Pavel to the Vice-Metropolitan of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra, 6:30 pm, and agreed to his compulsory bringing.
About it reports , reports Ukrinform.
"... forced a drive(Metropolitan Pavla - Red.)agreed. The meeting will be held at 6:30 pm today, " - the message reads.
Read also: Earlier it was reported that the Shevchenkivsky District Court of Kyiv, which was considering the election of a preventive measure of Metropolitan Pavel, .
Subsequently the lawyer of the Metropolitan of the UOC(MP)He stated that the court redefined the meeting at 17:00 Saturday, April 1, and resolved the issue of forced reason.
Security Service of Ukraine . In his house were searched.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690374-sud-pogodiv-primusovij-privid-mitropolita-upc-mp-pavla-na-vecirne-zasidanna.html 
In Rivne the artist started an indefinite charity marathon - they collect money for the Armed Forces 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T18:35:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T18:35:00+03:00
Description: In Rivne, an indefinite charity marathon began to raise money for the military. At the first action, they raised money for a tracked drone for the evacuation of the wounded - it will go to the Da Vinci Wolf unit. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Марафон', 'Рівне', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 In Rivnemitka, an indefinite charity marathon began to be assembled. At the first action, they raised money for a tracked drone for evacuating the wounded - it will go to the Da Vinci Wolf unit.
About it in The head of Rivne ovityaliy Koval reported, Ukrinform reports.
“They started an indefinite charitable marathon“ Common Struggle ”. The first meeting at the Euroart Gallery took place within it. From the fair and lottery it was possible to pick up the 5th part of the goal - 110 thousand UAH, ”Koval said.
According to Koval, for these funds plan to buy a ground track drone for from the battlefield of wounded soldiers.
It is noted that the Rivne artists support the platoon "Rivne-Gonor", which will reflect Ukraine as part of the legendary battalion "Wolves Da Vinci".
Read also: For an indefinite charity marathon, the artists created a Volunteer Society of Gwwwt and raise funds by our military before the war.
As reported by Ukrinform, in Vinnytsia region "Bar City Art Amateur Theater"(Barsky Moscow)Introduced civil defense training for blind people. Photo: Rivne news
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690373-u-rivnomu-mitci-rozpocali-bezstrokovij-blagodijnij-marafon.html 
The army of the Russian Federation hit the missiles on Avdiivka 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T18:42:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T18:42:00+03:00
Description: The troops of the Russian Federation struck a rocket strike on Avdiivka of Donetsk region, hitting the administrative building and the infrastructure. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Донеччина', 'Обстріл', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The Russian Federation struck a rocket strike in Avdiivka, Donetsk region, hitting the administrative building and infrastructure.
This was reported by Presidential Office Andriy Ermak in He reports Ukrinform.
"The enemy has caused Air Force on Misvdiivka. The first rocket hit the administrative building, and the second also hit the Winfrastructure Object, "Yermak wrote.
He also noted that people were in shelter, so the victims and the victims.
Read also: As it was reported, on the evening of March 31, during the artillery shelling of the Avdiivtsyard, a 69-year-old woman and her 5-month-old woman were killed in a private house.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690376-armia-rf-vdarila-raketami-po-avdiivci.html 
Vereshchuk is on a working trip in Kherson region: what on the agenda 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T18:53:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T18:53:00+03:00
Description: Viceremier -Minister - Minister for Reintegration of Temporarily Occupied Territories Irina Vereshchuk with the team is in Kherson. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... ", " 1680364231-30... "]
Tags: ['Херсонщина', 'Візит', 'Верещук', 'Мінреінтеграції']
Type: Article
 Viceremier -Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied T territory Irina Vereshchuk with the team is in Kherson region.
About it reports , reports Ukrinform.
It is noted that the trip program provides meetings with the team of regional administration, security forces, heads of local military administrations and heads of terrapy.
 Read also: "On the agenda - humanitarian demining, social payments, life support and recovery communities, protection of civilian population in the conditions of martial law, " - said in the country.
As reported by Ukrinform, the troops of the Russian Federation were fired from Kherson artillery, as well as Cossack, kissing the private sector. One person was killed, another injured.
_ Photo: Minrointegration _
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690379-veresuk-perebuvae-z-robocim-vizitom-na-hersonsini-so-na-poradku-dennomu.html 
The Armed Forces reflected more than 50 enemy attacks a day 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T18:54:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T18:54:00+03:00
Description: Russian troops focus on the main efforts on the offensive actions in Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky. More than 50 enemy attacks were reflected units of the Defense Forces of Ukraine. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16788... "]
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'ЗСУ', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 Ruskivskaya focuses basic efforts on conducting offensive actions of Nalimansk, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions. More than 50 enemy attacks were reflected by the defense forces of Ukraine.
According to Ukrinform, the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine reported in Having published the prompt information to the office at 18:00 on April 1.
"During the day, the enemy struck 2 missile, 25 aircraft strikes and made 6 -fits from the rocket launchers of the volley fire," the message reads.
The General Staff point out that, without having the desired results on the battlefield, it is a cynical wage against civilians.
On Saturday, April 1, the Russian Federation again struck the missile strikes of the Druzhkivka of Donetsk region and other settlements in Ukraine, applying ballistic missiles. There are wounded among civilians.
Read also: The likelihood of further missile and aviation strikes throughout Ukraine is high.
“The enemy focuses on the main efforts on the offensive actions of Nalimansk, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky. During the day, more than 50 attacks were reflected by the units of the Defense Forces of Ukraine. The most fierce are the fights for the areas of Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Marinka settlements, ”the General Staff was informed.
_ in Volyn, Polissya, Siversky and Slobozhansky directions _operative situation without significant changes.
Above the political leadership of the Republic of Belarus continues to support Russian aggression, gives the invaders airspace and territory.
The Belarusian landfills continue to prepare units of the territorial military service forces of the Russian Federation. However, the signs of formation of offensive groups were revealed. During the day, Russian troops fired at the inhabited pens of Alexandrovka of Chernihiv region; Baranivka, Volfine, Katerynivka, Kindrativka, Novomykolaivka, Popivka, Sumy region, as well as inhabited veterinary, Zibine, Okhrimivka and Krasne first in Kharkiv region.
_ In the Kupyansk direction _ enemy shelling was suffered by two -year, Kutkovka, Western, Masyutivka, Kupyansk, Sand, Starch and Novoselivska Kharkiv region._ In the Bakhmut direction _ the enemy does not stop the storm of Bakhmut. Proteuly's defenders are bravely holding a settlement. At the same time, opponents were unsuccessful offensive actions in Bogdanivka of Donetsk region. During the preoccupy, the settlements of Vasyukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarka, Bakhmut, Ivanivske, Yar, Kurdyumivka, Diliyivka, New York Tadrukivka were fired.
_ In the Avdiiv and Marinsk directions _ the enemy unsuccessfully Avnimaccountal actions in the areas of Avdiivka, Severny, Pervomaisky and Marinka. Embered Avdiivka, Orlovka, Netaylovo, Krasnogorivka, Georgiyivka and Marinka.
_ In the mineral direction _ during the day the invaders actively used the universal to adjust the firing of artillery, made firing of inhabited donations of Pobeda, Novomykhailivka, Velikomedar, Veliky Novosilka of Donetsk region.
_ In the Zaporizhzhya and Kherson directions _ Russian troops did not conduct active rates, improved defense borders and positions. Settlements, along with the line of combat collision. Among them -Vremivka of Donetsk region; Burlatskoye, lull, guliaypole, railway, whitewriting, small Tokmachka, Mali Shcherbaki, Kamianske Zaporizhzhya region, ask Dudchany, Kachkarivka, Zniivka, Berislav, Vesele, Mykolaivka, Burguna, Kizomis of Kherson region and Kherson.
Read also: Russian invaders continue the forced certification of the population of the temporarily seized territory of Zaporizhzhya region. In particular, in the city of Tokmak, the invaders are limited to the movement of Ukrainian citizens who have not received passports of the Russian Federation.
“The invaders purposefully and deliberately search the vehicles of the more than a better opportunity to enter the city. In the absence of Russian passports, the citizens of Ukraine with a ban on entering the city. In turn, the FSB representatives, during searches of premises, threaten local citizens with loss of work and problems with employment without a Russian passport, ” - the message reads.
Read also: 
As reported by Ukrinform, the Defense Forces of Ukraine from February 24, 2022 to April 1 2023 , with only 630 persons in the past day.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690382-vorog-namagaetsa-nastupati-na-cotiroh-napramkah-zsu-za-den-vidbili-ponad-50-atak.html 
The court chooses a measure of restraint of the Metropolitan of UOC -MP Paul 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T19:06:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T19:06:00+03:00
Description: The Shevchenkivsky District Court of Kiev elects a preventive measure to the governor of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra Metropolitan of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Moscow Patriarchate Pavel. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Суд', 'УПЦ МП', 'Київська Лавра']
Type: Article
 The Shevchenkivsky District Court of Kyiv elens the measure of a measure of deputy of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra Metropolitan of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Moscow Patriarchate Pavel.
This was reported by Ukrinform correspondent.
The Metropolitan is present at the hearing.
Earlier it was reported that the Shevchenkivsky District Court of Kyiv, which was considering the election of a preventive measure of Metropolitan Pavel, .
Read also: Subsequently, the court postponed a meeting on the election of a preventive measure to the governor of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra at 18.30 on April 1 and .
The Security Service of Ukraine in the morning of April 1 . In his house were searched.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690385-sud-obirae-zapobiznij-zahid-mitropolitu-upc-mp-pavlu.html 
Ukrainian Kazimirov became a bronze medalist of the Grand Slam of Judo in Turkey 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T19:21:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T19:21:00+03:00
Description: In Antalya (Turkey), the next stage of the Grand Slam of Judo continues. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Дзюдо']
Type: Article
 In Antalya(Turkey)The next stage of the Grand Slam with judo continues.
On the second day of the competition, the bronze medalist was Ukrainian Vladislav Kazimirov, Ukrinform reports.
The 20-year-old Kiev reached the quarterfinals, where he gave way to Azerbaijani Hidaayatugaydarov, and in the "comforting" tournament for "bronze" in turn won the Spaniasalvador Case of the Year and Igor Wandtke from Germany.
This is the first award in Kazimirov's career on Grand Slam.
As reported by Ukrinform, a day earlier in Antalya, "Silver" won the Ukrainian long -haul Dilshot Khalmatov.
Read also: April 2 at the Turkish stage of the Grand Slam series Ukraine will represent Ruslanabulavina(More than 78 kg), Artem Bubir, Marat Kryzhansky(Offensive - 90 kg), Antonsavitsky(100 kg), Yevgeny Balaevsky and Andriy Kolesnyk(Both are over 100kg).
Зазначимо, що чемпіонат світу з дзюдо відбудеться у Досі (Line up)From 7 to 14 days.
Photo: IJF.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690387-ukrainec-kazimirov-stav-bronzovim-prizerom-serii-grand-slam-iz-dzudo-u-tureccini.html 
Reznikov met with Slovak's Defense Minister - Talked about the operation of weapons 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T19:24:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T19:24:00+03:00
Description: Minister of Defense of Ukraine Alexei Reznikov and the head of the Ministry of Defense of the Slovak Republic Yaroslav Nady during the meeting discussed the operation and modernization of artillery weapons provided by Slovakia. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... ", " 1680365207-85... "]
Tags: ['Міноборони', 'Важке озброєння', 'Зброя', 'Словаччина', 'Резніков']
Type: Article
 Ministry of Ministry of Ukraine Oleksiy Reznikov and the head of the Ministry of Defense of the Slovak Republicaroslav Nadi during the meeting discussed the operation and modernization of the artillery weapons provided by Slovakia.
As Ukrinform reports, it reports .
During the meeting Rennikov and Nadi, they discussed the operation of artillery, modernization, taking into account the experience of combatants, training of Ukrainian soldiers and expanding training programs for different military specialties.
Reznikov thanked the Government, the people of Slovakia and personally Yaroslav Nadya Nadyya, including military assistance of the Armed Forces, including - Could 29 who will protect the Ukrainian sky with other means.
Read also: "The Slovak Republic is one of those friendly countries and our neighbors who sincerely reflecting Ukraine and respecting our sovereignty. We remember all the good -scale right -handed armed aggression. Priorities include training our soldiers and expanding training programs. We value military assistance provided to us by the Born Slovak Republic in order for Ukraine to withstand and defeat in this war, - the Minister of Defense of Ukraine emphasized.
Reznikov and Nadi talked with the Armed Forces warriors. Representatives of foreign design were heard from the first mouth on the experience of using Western weapons, in particular Slovak production, in combat.
 The head of the Ministry of Defense of the Slovak Republic expressed admiration for Ukrainian military servicemen and noted their heroism, courage and true morale.
Read also: 
For the provision of comprehensive assistance to Ukraine during the armed aggression of Russia and fruitful work with the Ukrainian defense department, Rennikov awarded a guidance of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine - the Medal "For the Development of Military Cooperation".
"I believe that our further cooperation will be as effective as possible. Winning the occupier country, because we keep one front," Reznikov emphasized.
As reported by Ukrinform, Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal thanked the Slovak-Slovakian Minister Eduard Heger for the decision .
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690386-reznikov-zustrivsa-z-ministrom-oboroni-slovaccini-govorili-pro-ekspluataciu-zbroi.html 
Sweden congratulated Finland with the completion of the ratification procedure for NATO entry 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T19:42:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T19:42:00+03:00
Description: Sweden Foreign Ministry congratulated Finland with the completion of a long procedure for ratifying its entry into NATO. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16534... "]
Tags: ['Фінляндія', 'НАТО', 'Швеція']
Type: Article
 The Ministry of Internal Affairs congratulated Finland with the completion of a long -term ratification procedure for NATO.
As Ukrinform reports, this reported in Foreign Ministry of Sweden.
All NATO member countries have now ratified Finland's application, and now Finland will be a full member of the bloc in the coming days, according to the application.
"We are glad for . It is important for our brotherly country, introducing both Finland and Ishvets. But, according to Finland, their membership will not be complete until Sweden has also become a member of the bloc, " - said the Minister of Foreign Affairs Sweden Bilstr.
Read also: He added that the Swedish government will continue to work in this direction.
"Our goal is that Sweden becomes a member of NATO with a binding to Vilnius summit," the Swedish minister added.
As reported by Ukrinform, Finland's application for NATO accession that opens expensive country membership in the block.
On March 30, the draft law on the approval of Finland's accession in NATO was accepted by the General Assembly of the Grand National Assembly(parliament)Turkey.
_ Photo: eadale.com _
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690394-svecia-privitala-finlandiu-iz-zaversennam-proceduri-ratifikacii-vstupu-do-nato.html 
NBU raised the long -term liquidity standard for banks up to 100% 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T19:46:28+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T19:46:28+03:00
Description: The National Bank has continued to implement previously announced regulatory requirements for banks, in particular, raised the coefficient of net stable financing (NSFR) to 100%. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_15880... "]
Tags: ['Банк', 'Нацбанк', 'фінансування']
Type: Article
 The National Bank continued to implement previously announced regulatory ones to banks, in particular, raised the coefficient of net stable funding(Nsfr)up to 100%.
This was reported , reports Ukrinform.
Prudential liquidity standard - the coefficient of pure stable financing or NSFR - determines the minimum required level of liquidity on the horizon for one year. The implementation of this standard by banks contributes to the reconciliation of more stable and long -term sources of funding, reducing dependence on short -term resources.
Read also: "The prolongation of the fixedness of the funding base by banks is a necessary prerequisite for reducing the risks for the foreign exchange market and international reserves, maintaining courses, sustainable reduction of inflation and improving inflationary -making," the statement reads.
Clean stable funding or NSFR - .
The initial value of the NSFR standard was 80%, from October 1, 2021 - 90%.
The transitional period for the introduction of 100% NSFR standard was extended to one year, ie by April 1, 2023.
Read also: Thus, from April 1, 2023, the minimum value of the NSFR standard will be 100%, which complies with the rules of EU legislation.
NSFR is one of the two liquidity ratios developed by the Basel Banking Committee in response to the global financial crisis of 2007-2008.
According to the NBU, liquidity surplus in the Ukrainian banking system as of the beginning of January 2023 amounted to UAH 534.14 billion.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690396-nbu-pidnav-normativ-dovgostrokovoi-likvidnosti-dla-bankiv-do-100.html 
A resident of Kharkiv region who exploded on a stretch was hospitalized with selling wounds 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T19:56:38+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T19:56:38+03:00
Description: A resident of Kharkiv region, who was blown on a stretch in his yard, was hospitalized with fragments of head and thigh. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16094... "]
Tags: ['Міна', 'Вибух', 'Харківщина', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The residents of Kharkiv region, which was blown on a stretch in his yard, was hospitalized with fragmentation of the head and thigh.
This was reported in Directorate of the SESS of Kharkiv region, reports Ukrinform.
"On April 1, in the Izium district, Savinsky TG, Dovgalivka village, a man in 1964, the birth was exploded on an unknown subject(Stretching). З діагнозом "мінно-вибухова травма, закрита черепно-мозкова травма, осколкове поранення обличчя зліва та лівого стегна" йогогоспіталізували до обласної клінічної лікарні", - зазначають у рятувальномувідомстві.
Читайте також: As it was reported, in Kharkiv region a man exploded in his own yard.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690397-zitela-harkivsini-akij-pidirvavsa-na-roztazci-gospitalizuvali-z-oskolkovimi-poranennami.html 
"Prometheus" in the second match of the quarterfinals of the Latvian-Estonian league gave way 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T20:09:39+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T20:09:39+03:00
Description: The decisive third meeting of the quarterfinals of the SIV will take place on April 3 in Riga. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Баскетбол']
Type: Article
 The decree of the quarterfinal meeting of the SVBL will take place on April 3 in Riga.
In the second match of the 1/4 finals of the Latvian -Estonian Basketball League, the Estonian Volmsi defeated the Ukrainian Prometheus - 107: 105 2ot, Ukrinform reports.
It took two overtime to determine the winner. As a result of "Virmsi" managed to sensionally beat Prometheus "(107:105, 2 OT)and compare the account of allia(1:1).
Вирішальна третя зустріч пройде 3 квітня у Ризі, а фінал чотирьох відбудеться7–8 квітня у Таллінні. Якщо «Прометей» вийде у півфінал, то зіграє там із«Тарту» (Estonia). В іншій парі за вихід у фінал зустрінуться «Калев»(Estonia)But the Riga's boat(Latvia).
Читайте також: As reported by Ukrinform, the fight in the quarterfinals lasts up to two victories of the Urals. The first match took place on March 25, it was won by Prometheus(91:69)He also learned in the series(1:0).
Фото: Getty Image
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690398-prometej-u-drugomu-matci-cvertfinalu-latvijskoestonskoi-ligi-postupivsa-vijmsi.html 
Today the terrorist state began to preside in the UN Council-Zelensky 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T20:16:38+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T20:16:38+03:00
Description: Today, the terrorist state began to preside in the UN Council, and yesterday the Russian army killed another Ukrainian child. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Звернення', 'Зеленський', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The present-day terrorist state began to preside in the UN Security Council, and yesterday the Russian Army appeared another Ukrainian child.
About it in your President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said, Ukrinform reports.
_ I wish health, dear Ukrainians! _
He signed two decrees on sanctions against those who work for Russian aggression.
These are officials of the aggressor state, its MIC-hundreds of companies-and collaborators. There is more than 650 new sanctions.
The NSDC will continue this work. And none of those who help terrorists work, supplies or produces weapons for terror - none of the responsibility.
Blocking of terror accomplices, isolation of a terrorist state, its defeat and judicial processes are what awaits everyone who has begun and wages a war against Ukraine in international order.
By the way, this week, Switzerland joined the tenth sanction packet.
This is important when the states that are neutral in the military-political sense, they still take a clear moral position to Russian terror, to the destruction of the Rosiyglobal Order based on the rules.
Only in unity can we maintain peace as the basis of international relations, and I thank Veszerland for the relevant decisions.
He spoke with French President Emmanuel Macron today. Very detailed, an hour. About the situation on the front, about our interaction political, about how we peace in the implementation of the Ukrainian formula of peace. I thank France for unchanged support.
In general, the week has given a number of positive news for Ukraine, for our protection to protect the normal life of all free nations.
Within the framework of the OSCE, work on the first separate international report began to be administered by the violent deportation of Russian children and attempts to be abused by our children.
This crime of Russia is one of the most cynical and anti -human crimes of our time.
Russia commits it systematically and calculated, at the state level. Systemic will be responsible for him. Responsibility of Russia as the state and all who are involved.
I thank Germany for the new steps in the defensive support that have been made this week.I thank Canada for financial support, the funds have already been received from the state budget of Ukraine.
I thank the IMF for the new program for Ukraine. The program has been approved. The volume is more than 15 billion. This will help us to protect social stability.
Unfortunately, we also have the news obviously absurd and destructive. Today, the terrorist state has begun to preserve the UN Security Council.
Yesterday, the Russian army killed another Ukrainian child - a five -month -old man, he was called Danilo. From Avdiivka, in the Donbass, with his parents. Parents. Russian artillery ... One of the hundreds of artillery shelling, as a terrorist-terrorist, performs daily.
And at the same time Russia presides in the UN Security Council.
It is difficult to imagine something that proves more fully bankruptcy of such institutions ...
There is no such form of terror that is not yet made by Russia. And there will be no such cause that will stop the reform of global institutions, in particular the UN Security Council, which is obviously ripe-that the terrorist state and any other state that wants to be a terrorist could not destroy peace.
Terrorists must lose, should be responsible for terror, not presented anywhere.
Glory to all who are in battle now!
I thank everyone who helps Ukraine. Who protects the international order based on the rules!Thank you all who save and help save our people after wounds from Russian shelling!
Eternal memory of all adults and children whose lives have taken away terror of Russia!
_ Glory to Ukraine! _
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690401-sogodni-derzavaterorist-pocala-golovuvati-v-radbezi-oon-zelenskij.html 
A law on e-residents began to be in force in Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T20:26:17+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T20:26:17+03:00
Description: The law on e-residents began, which would allow foreign IT specialists to become entrepreneurs in Ukraine and pay taxes online. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Бізнес', 'Україна', 'Мінцифри']
Type: Article
 To begin a law on e-residentiality, which will allow foreign IT specialists to become entrepreneurs in Ukraine and pay taxes online.
This was reported Ministry of digital transformation, Ukrinform reports.
The Ministry of Defense states that after approval of all the necessary additional legal framework, foreign IT specialists will be able to become entrepreneurs of Ukraine and pay taxes on the state budget-all online.
Nowadays, the authorities are testing a service by which foreigners will be able to apply for the status of a resident.
"Upon completion of testing, we plan to attract about 1000 e-residents.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-nacbank), which will help to start the project fully. It is about the possibility of transferring funds to their own expense abroad in currency, ”said Deputy Minister of Digital Transformation on Development ITolexander Bornyakov.
Read also: According to him, the project will bring additional profits for the budget and promote Ukraine as the world IT Brand and grow its positions in international ratings, including Doing Business.
The launch of the project of e-residents will allow foreigners in several clicks to become entrepreneurs in Ukraine; remotely manage your business with modern technologies, open bank accounts and manage them; sign documents by electronic signature; Pay taxes on preferential audits.
According to the law, entrepreneurs who have income in Ukraine cannot become e-residents. Citizens of Russia and countries in the "gray" or "black" listff, also cannot become e-residents.
Read also: 
In March the NBU E-resident's right to open current accounts with the bank. Photo: Minisfra
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3690402-v-ukraini-pocav-diati-zakon-pro-erezidentstvo.html 
Zelensky has imposed sanctions against more than 650 individuals and legal entities working on Russian aggression 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T20:41:26+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T20:41:26+03:00
Description: In Ukraine, the sanction list has been replenished with more than 650 individuals and legal entities working for Russian aggression, including Russian officials, MIC and collaborators. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16789... "]
Tags: ['Санкції', 'Зеленський', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 More than 650 individuals and legal entities that operate for Russian aggression, including Russian officials, MIC companies of the HALABORARTA, have been supplemented in the Ukrainian list.
This was reported by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in , Ukrinform correspondent reports.
"He has signed two decrees on sanctions against those who work for Russian aggression. This is the officials of the aggressor state, its MIC-hundreds of companies-and collaborators. There will be more than 650 new sanctions. The NSDC will continue this work. Terrorists, working on them, supplies or produces a terror for terror - none of responsibility will be avoided, "the head of the state emphasized.
Read also: He also recalled that this week, Switzerland joined the Ten EU -Bank. The President emphasized the importance of the fact that the state in the military-political sense of the state "occupy a clear moral position to Russian terror, to the destruction of the global order, based on the rules."
The Head of State thanked Switzerland for the decision, noting that only in unity can keep peace as the basis of international relations.
Read also: Zelensky also stressed that those who have launched and wage the war against Ukraine and international order are awaiting lawsuits, and a terrorist state is insulation.
As reported by Ukrinform, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy .
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690406-zelenskij-vviv-sankcii-proti-bils-ak-650-fizicnih-i-uridicnih-osib-aki-pracuut-na-agresiu-rf.html 
In Ternopil, almost half a million hryvnias were collected for Azov trucks 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T20:48:25+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T20:48:25+03:00
Description: In Ternopil, almost half a million hryvnias were collected at the concert in one evening - for trucks for Azov. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Аукціон', 'Автомобіль', 'Концерт', 'ЗСУ', 'Гроші', 'Благодійність', 'Тернопіль']
Type: Article
 Uternopol at the concert raised nearly half a million hryvnias in one evening - loads for Azov.
This was reported in Pokrova Charitable Foundation, Ukrinform reports.
"Ternopil helps the NSU Brigade" Azov ". At the charity evening" Power of the People "in the Palace of Culture" Berezil "managed to collect 472 382 hryvnias," - the presentation reads.
According to the organizers, these are funds proceeds from the sale of tickets to the west of the auction and from charitable boxes in the hall.
Read also: "Huge gratitude to all talented artists who are on The principles, for free were named Nazakhi. They helped to collect funds by volunteers from the Taruta bands from Kiev OT VINTA from Rivne, Ternopil Svitozary, Svitozary, duo "Virgin", band "Babi" Ternopil, Lisapetet Battalion, Lesiksam / Lesyksam, "
Honored artists of Ukraine Volodymyr Verminsky and Vasylkhlystun, People's Artist of Ukraine, humorist Grits Drapak also joined.
It is reported that the funds will go for the purchase of four trucks for the Azov brigade.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690408-u-ternopoli-zibrali-majze-piv-miljona-griven-na-vantazivki-dla-azovu.html 
FHU named the best players of the Ukrainian Championship 2022/23 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T20:50:21+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T20:50:21+03:00
Description: The country's champion became the Falcon. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['хокей']
Type: Article
 The champion of Ukraine became Kiev "Falcon".
The Hockey Federation of Ukraine The winners in individual nominations on the results of the 2022/23 season, Ukrinform reports.
The final list presents hockey players of four teams - "Kremenchuk", "Legion", "Falcon" and "Dnipro".
The scorer of the championship - Vitaliy doll(Kremenchuk)The best young player is Andrey Krivonozhkin("Legion")The best goalkeeper is Edward Zakharchenko(Dnipro)The best defender is Yevgeny Town Hall(Dnipro)The best forward is Sergei Babinets("Falcon")The most useful player of the regular championship(MVP)- Vitaliy doll(Kremenchuk)The most useful player in the playoff(MVP)- Sergey Babinets("Falcon") Read also: According to Ukrinform, the champion of the country became "Falcon", which in the finale of the playofogging "Kremenchuk". Third place - in Dnipro.
Photo: fhu.com.ua
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690410-fhu-nazvala-najkrasih-gravciv-cempionatu-ukraini-202223.html 
Ukraine plans to become a Europe's hub in renewable energy development 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T20:54:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T20:54:00+03:00
Description: Ukraine plans to become a hub of Europe in the development of renewable energy, especially solar and wind generations, as well as hydrogen technologies and bioenergy. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... ", " 1680351934-21... "]
Tags: ['Енергетика', 'Міненерго', 'Німеччина']
Type: Article
 Ukraine plans to become a hub of Europe in the development of renewable energy, perdent and wind generations, as well as hydrogen technologies and bioenergy.
According to Ukrinform, the Deputy Minister of Energy of Ukraine Yaroslav Demchenkov said during a meeting with the State Ministry of European Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Germany Anna Lurmann, reports .
"Ukraine can become a hub of the sustainable energy of Europe, and we set ourselves as ambitious goals within our renewal programs for the restoration of the energy sector," Demchenkov said.
 Read also: It is noted that during the meeting, the parties discussed the directions of increasing the dilateral cooperation and emphasizing the need to accelerate the process of a green transition during the reconstruction of the energy sector of Ukraine.
As it was reported, the Ministry of Energy has developed and in the near future will publicize the concept of the State Target Program for Supporting Distribution Generation from Renewable Energy Sources(RES).
Фото: Міненерго
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690309-ukraina-planue-stati-habom-evropi-u-rozvitku-vidnovluvanoi-energetiki.html 
The presidency of Russia in the UN Council proves bankruptcy institutions - Zelensky 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T20:58:40+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T20:58:40+03:00
Description: The state, through the shelling of which children die, cannot preserve the organ that provides peace. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16796... "]
Tags: ['ООН', 'Зеленський', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The state, through the shelling of which children die, cannot preserve in the body that provides.
This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in , Ukrinform correspondent reports.
"Yesterday, the Russian army killed another Ukrainian child-a five-month-old man, he was called Danilo. From Avdiivka, in the Donbass, along with his parents. Parents. In the UN Security Council. It is difficult to imagine something that proves more fully bankruptcy of such institutions, "he said.
Read also: According to the President, Russia has made all possible forms of terror. And the presidency of the state-state in the UN Security Council testifies to the ripe reform of this Global Institution-"that the terrorist state and any other state that wants to be a terrorist could not destroy peace."
"Terrorists have to lose, they must be responsible for terror, not presented anywhere," Zelensky said.
As it was reported, the presidency in the UN Security Council is changing every month alternately. In January, Japan presented, in February - Malta, in March - mobic, in April according to plan - Russia, in May - Switzerland, in June - the UAE.
Read also: Foreign Minister of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba .
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3690413-golovuvanna-rosii-v-radbezi-oon-dovodit-bankrutstvo-institucii-zelenskij.html 
US Congress agreed to sell Poland 800 hellfire missiles 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T21:04:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T21:04:00+03:00
Description: The US Congress approved Poland's purchase of 800-controlled Air-Earth anti-tank missiles Hellfire. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_14522... "]
Tags: ['Польща', 'Ракета', 'Конгрес США', 'Маріуш Блащак']
Type: Article
 The US Congress approved Poland's purchase of 800-controlled Air-Earth anti-tank missiles Hellfire.
About it in Viceremier-Minister, Polish National Defense Minister Mariusblashchak wrote, Ukrinform reports.
“The US Congress approved the purchase of 800 Poland Hellfire, which will be equipped with Polish supports AW149 Attache. We start negotiating about the price, ”Blaschak wrote.
Read also: It is known that AGM-114 Hellfire is a controlled anti-tank missile of the Air-Earth class. It is used from helicopters, aircraft, unmanned vehicles, land vehicles.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690414-kongres-ssa-pogodivsa-prodati-polsi-800-raket-hellfire.html 
President: Systemic responsibility for the deportation of children from Ukraine is expected for Russia 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T21:12:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T21:12:00+03:00
Description: The OSCE launched a work on the International Report on Deportation and an Attempts to Assimilate Ukrainian Children by Russia, which is a step in the systematic responsibility of the aggressor state for this crime. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16772... "]
Tags: ['Депортація', 'Діти', 'ОБСЄ', 'Зеленський', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 She has been working on the international report on deportation and attempt to assimilate Ukrainian children by Russia, which is a step in the systematic responsibility of the aggressor state for this crime.
This was reported by Volodymyr Zelenskyy in On the occasion of the 402nd day of the war.
"Under the OSCE, work on the first separate international report began to be administered by the violent deportation of Russian children and attempts by the abrasion of our children ... Russia is committing it systematically and calculated, the supra. It is involved, "the President said.
Video: Zelensky emphasized that this crime of the Russian Federation is one of the most cynical and anti -human crimes of our time.
Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, 45 OSCE countries with the support of Ukraine activated such a "Moscow mechanism" in order to respond to the forced movement of Ukrainian to the Russian Federation against the background of violations of the right -hand and humanitarian consequences of the aggressive war of Russia against Ukraine.
Foto: op 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690416-prezident-na-rosiu-ocikue-sistemna-vidpovidalnist-na-deportaciu-ditej-z-ukraini.html 
In Mariupol, invaders are intensely patrol the streets: looking for participants in the resistance movement 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T21:20:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T21:20:00+03:00
Description: In Mariupol, the invaders continue the strengthening of the streets after the collaboration machine explosion, the invaders are looking for participants in the resistance movement. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16684... "]
Tags: ['Маріуполь', 'Національний спротив', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 Umariupoli invaders continue the strengthening of the streets after an explosive collaborator, the invaders are looking for participants in the resistance movement.
This was reported in Advisor to the mayor Andryushchenko, reports Ukrinform.
“Increased streets patrol does not end. Rosgvardia is still looking for a member of Mmariupol's resistance that they "easily reported" to the resuscitation of the top-catamariupols from Russian. Well, without results, ”the testimony reads.
Read also: Andryushchenko also published , on an echo, a large number of security forces on the streets of the city.
“This is how to cleanse in Mariupol from the middle. Searches, documents check, total control. In such circumstances, the risk of every minute, our Mariupols collect data on the occupiers, their base and movement. They provide the Karunae -Bester from the Armed Forces and minus the top mrazota, ”the mayor adviser wrote.
Read also: According to the Mariupol City Council, on March 27, the city of one of the local leaders of the occupying troops was blown up in the city. The purpose of the resistance forces was Mikhail Moskvin, the head of the so -called "police". This person is responsible for the organization of filtration measures that brought to the mass arrests of the city's civilian population. After blasting, the carmagvin is in the hospital.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690263-u-mariupoli-zagarbniki-posileno-patruluut-vulici-sukaut-ucasnikiv-ruhu-sprotivu.html 
The court sent the Metropolitan of UOC -MP Paul under house arrest for 60 days 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T21:31:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T21:31:00+03:00
Description: The Shevchenkivsky District Court of Kyiv chose a measure of restraint by the governor of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra Metropolitan of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Moscow Patriarchate Pavel in the form of 24-hour house arrest for 60 days. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Домашній арешт', 'Суд', 'УПЦ МП']
Type: Article
 The Shevchenkivsky District Court of Kyiv chose a measure of restraint by the governor of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra Metropolitan of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Moscow Patriarchate Pavel in the form of 24-hour house arrest for 60 days.
This was reported by Ukrinform correspondent.
The court obliged the Metropolitan to wear an electronic bracelet.
As reported by Ukrinform, the Shevchenkivsky District Court of Kyiv, which considers the election of a measure of restraint by Metropolitan Pavel, .
Read also: Subsequently, the court postponed a meeting on the election of a preventive measure to the governor of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra at 18.30 on April 1 and .
The Security Service of Ukraine in the morning of April 1 . In his house were searched.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690409-sud-vidpraviv-mitropolita-upc-mp-pavla-pid-domasnij-arest-na-60-dib.html 
APL: "Chelsea" gave way to "Aston Willy" 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T21:35:24+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T21:35:24+03:00
Description: Mudryk did not use a few opportunities to be marked by his debut goal in England. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Челсі', 'Футбол', 'АПЛ']
Type: Article
 Mudryk has not been used by a few opportunities to distinguish his debut goal in England.
Chelsea lost Aston Villa in the 29th round of the English Premier League-2: 0, Ukrinform reports.
The London club attacked much more, but missed two goals to the 56th minute, noted Wotkins and McGinn.
Mudryk spent his eighth match for Chelsea. The first opportunity to distinguish the wise in the sixth minute. The Ukrainian intercepted the ball after the goalkeeper's mistake, but he hit the penalty area with Emiliano Martinez.
Another sharp moment came from Michael already at the expense of 1: 0 in favor of the guests. Vinti ran out of date with Martinez, but from the line of the criminal zone of a stacking stroke for the goalkeeper.
In the 57th minute, the head coach of Blue Graham Potter replaced the Ukrainian.
After replacing the situation on the field did not change - Aston Villa proved the match from the score of 2: 0.
Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, in another match, Arsenal was defeated by Lids.
Photo: Getty Image
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690420-apl-celsi-postupivsa-aston-villi.html 
Zelensky told about a week of positive news to protect Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T21:42:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T21:42:00+03:00
Description: President Volodymyr Zelensky is grateful to international partners for this week's decisions aimed at helping Ukraine in the defense and financial spheres. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16772... "]
Tags: ['Франція', 'Макрон', 'Зеленський', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 The Presidential Lordist of Zelensky is grateful to international partners for the approved weekly, aimed at assisting Ukraine in the defense and financial spheres.
He said in , reports Ukrinform.
"In general, the week has given a number of positive news for Ukraine, for our protection to protect the normal life of all free nations," the Head of State said.
In particular, he thanked Germany for the new steps in defensive support, Croatia - for the next package of military assistance, Northern Macedonia - for the decisions of the helicopters, Slovakia and Slovenia.
Read also: Zelensky is grateful to Canada for financial support - the funds have already received the funds of Ukraine.
He also thanked the IMF for the new program for Ukraine: "The program has been approved. Obligat - more than 15 billion. This will help us to protect social stability."
In addition, the President thanked France for his unchanged support.
Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, . The Ukrainian leader informed the interlocutor about the situation on the front.
The presidents also discussed further steps to implement the formula of peace tascoordered in the context of the immediate international events.
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690418-zelenskij-rozpoviv-pro-tizden-pozitivnih-novin-dla-zahistu-ukraini.html 
Ukrainian Zakhareev became the winner of boxing tournament in Kaunas 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T21:54:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T21:54:00+03:00
Description: Boxing World Champion, Ukrainian Yuri Zakhareev, won the Algardas Shotsytsas International Tournament in Lithuanian Kaunas. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Бокс']
Type: Article
 Boxing Championship-2021 Ukrainian Yuri Zakhareev won the Algirdas Shootsikas International Turner in Lithuanian Kaunas.
In the final of the weight category up to 71 kg Zakhareyev won Cesar Zakiyech from Poland, Ukrinform reports.
Read also: As it was reported, thanks to the success in the quarterfinals over the compatriot Maximimolodan the pupil of Odesa Zakhareev made his way to European Games-2023 Polyshchi, where licenses for Olympic Games-2024 will be played.
Photo: fbu.org.ua.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690423-ukrainec-zahareev-vigrav-bokserskij-turnir-u-litvi.html 
The Russians fired two communities in Sumy region 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T21:58:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T21:58:00+03:00
Description: On Saturday, April 1, the Russian army fired at the Belopilsk and Essman communities in the Sumy region, using SAU, mortars and AGS. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_14795... "]
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Сумщина', 'Війна з росією']
Type: Article
 On Saturday, April 1, the Russian army fired at the Bilopol and Esman communities in the Usum region, using SAU, mortars and AGS.
About it reports Sumy Ova in , reports Ukrinform.
As it is noted, the enemy fired the Essman community with the SAU - 7 ulcers were recorded.
Read also: The Belopolsk community fired from the territory of the Russian Federation from mortar(29 explosions), as well as firing with AGS - 10 shots.
According to Ova, it went without consequences.
Read also: As it was reported, during the day of March 31 the invaders fired at the territory of the Novgorod, Belopil, Khotinsk and Esman communities of the Sumy region. At night, the Russian artillery fired at the middle-and-Buda community.
Photo illustrative
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690424-rosiani-obstrilali-dvi-gromadi-na-sumsini.html 
The General Staff of the Armed Forces congratulated the Air Force of Britain on the 105th anniversary of creation 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T22:17:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T22:17:00+03:00
Description: The General Staff of the Armed Forces congratulated the Air Force of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland with the 105th anniversary of the creation. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Авіація', 'Британія', 'Генштаб', 'ЗСУ']
Type: Article
 The Armed Forces of the Armed Forces congratulated the Air Force of the United Kingdom of Stavlya Britain and Northern Ireland with the 105th anniversary of the creation.
According to Ukrinform, the General Staff of the Armed Forces reports in .
"1 квітня 2023 року, Збройні Сили України вітають колег та колежанок, друзівта подруг, союзників та союзниць із Королівських Повітряних Сил Збройних СилСполученого Королівства Великої Британії та Північної Ірландії з 105річницею!", - ідеться у повідомленні.
У зв'язку з цим у Генштабі наводять слова головного маршала авіаціїКоролівських Повітряних сил сера Майка Вігстона. "Україна є життєво важливимвипробуванням нашої спільної рішучості протистояти неспровокованомузалякуванню та агресії. Це також життєво важливе повідомлення для всього світу– далеко за межами безпеки Європи – де інші союзники та партнери стикаються зпостійними, а іноді й екзистенційними загрозами з боку державних і недержавнихучасників та проксі сил", - відзначив він під час Глобальної конференціїкомандувачів повітряних та космічних сил, яка відбулася у 2022 році.
Віддаючи належне надзвичайній стійкості українських сил та використанню нимиповітряно-космічної техніки, сер Вігстон зазначив, що це різко контрастує зросійськими агресорами, яким непосильно зберегти повітряний контроль, поприперевагу технологій і ресурсів. Він констатував, що неспроможність інвестуватиу своїх людей призвела до того, що російські сили втратили переваги у війні,які можна здобути лише шляхом інтенсивної роботи та навчання з партнерами.
Читайте також: It is noted that after the start of the full -scale war of the Airborne Air Force of the AFC, the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of Taldy Ireland flew over 1,200,000 km and fulfilled more than 1000 missions, delivering humanitarian and military assistance to Ukrainians, carrying vital equipment and personnel. This equivalent flight around the globe is more than 30 times.
Among other things, 1.9 million rounds were transported, more than 25 thousand sets of armor, more than 86 thousand helmets and 5.5 thousand units of anti -tank .
As reported by Ukrinform, in the United Kingdom Ukrainian military Survive the weather and hide the snow.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690427-genstab-zsu-privitav-povitrani-sili-britanii-zi-105u-ricniceu-stvorenna.html 
Khizhnyak won the boxing tournament in Lithuania 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T22:20:18+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T22:20:18+03:00
Description: In the finals, the Ukrainian was stronger than Kazakhstan Janibek Kartbayev. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Бокс', 'Олександр Хижняк']
Type: Article
 In the finals, the Ukrainian was stronger than Kazakhstan Janibek Kartbayev.
Ukrainian boxer Oleksandr Khizhniak won the International class of classa in Kaunas, Lithuania, Ukrinform reports.
In the weight of 80 kg in the finals, he opposed Kazakhstan Janibek Kartbayev.
In the second round, the Ukrainian sent his opponent to the knockdown.
The battle lasted all three rounds, eventually a unanimous decision of the judges victory.
Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, Ukrainian Yurzakhareev won at the same tournament "Gold".
Photo: Getty Image
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690428-hiznak-vigrav-bokserskij-turnir-u-litvi.html 
Translator for an English -language version of the site 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T22:36:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T22:36:00+03:00
Description: Ukrainian National Information Agency Ukrinform is looking for an translator for the English -language version of the site (full employment, official employment). - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16762... "]
Tags: ['Укрінформ']
Type: Article
 Ukrainian Ukrainian Information Agency "Ukrinform" is looking for a translator for an analone version of the site(full employment, official employment).
Робота полягає в перекладі новинних повідомлень та інших інформаційнихматеріалів з української на англійську.
Вимоги: 
Заробітна плата - в залежності від кваліфікації і досвіду роботи.
Можлива дистанційна робота, але виключно на території України. Подачадокументів на працевлаштування - у Києві особисто.
Резюме можна надсилати на пошту 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3677239-ukrinform-vidkrivae-vakansiu-perekladaca-dla-anglomovnoi-versii-sajtu.html 
Ukrenergo's head named four preparation components by next winter 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T22:57:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T22:57:00+03:00
Description: Four key components are needed to prepare the power system of Ukraine for the next winter and probable terrorist attacks. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16711... "]
Tags: ['Енергетика', 'Опалювальний сезон', 'Укренерго', 'Кудрицький']
Type: Article
 The preparation of the power system of Ukraine for the next winter and the probable terrorist attack by Russia requires four key components.
According to Ukrinform, the only news of the Teleterna "One News" The chairman of the board of NEC "Ukrenergo" Volodymyrkudrytsky
Such key components are physical protection of energy objects, renewal of generation, equipment and finance.
“We are actively preparing for the next winter and make decisions that will allow our facilities to protect. And we are very grateful to the State Agency for the restoration of infrastructure of Ukraine, with which we cooperate in this to protect the medical infrastructure and critically important energy objects, ” - said Krudytsky.
Read also: According to him, the plan is to have time to the next Significantly strengthen energy protection and make substations more resistant to shocks.
In addition to physical protection of objects, it is also important to restore generation-hydro-, thermal power plants, preparation of thermal power plants for winter.
“It is also important to regulate and bring to Ukraine the sufficient amount of equipment that is required for repair of networks, power plants. The cost of money is also important to repair damaged energy, substations, networks. These key components should be present in order to prepare and have passed the next winter without such stress and such large -scale distracts that were last season, ”Kudrytsky summed up.
Read also: As , Ukrenergo NEC has signed an ENTSO-E European Energy Union with 15 systemic operators that will allow the company to seek the help of inventory situations.
Foto: DTEK 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690430-golova-ukrenergo-nazvav-cotiri-komponenti-pidgotovki-do-nastupnoi-zimi.html 
We know who will play Svitolin at the Charleston Tournament 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T23:09:18+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T23:09:18+03:00
Description: Angelina Kalinina and Lesya Turenko will also be based on the tournament. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Світоліна', 'Теніс']
Type: Article
 Tournament will also be based on Angelina Kalinina and Lesya Turenko.
There was a draw of the main grid of the WTA 500 soil tournament in Charleston, press service, Ukrinform reports.
In the first round, the foundations of Ukrainian Elina Svitolina will compete with Kazakhstan's anti -representative Yulia Putintseva. Earlier, the Ukrainian won 6 out of 8 eyewitnesses. The winner of the meeting in the second circle will play against the seventh sowed ekaterina Alexandrov.
Another Ukrainian Angelina Kalinina, who received the 11th number of sowing of the re-organizers, at the start is designed by Anna Kalinskaya, who has previously played two matches out of three.
Lesya Tsurenko will compete in the first round against the rival in qualification.
Read also: As reported by Ukrinform, Svitolina returns to the tour after the annual pause related to pregnancy and the birth of her daughter, Elina will play for the second time in the man: in 2014 she reached the third circle, giving way to Belindibenchich.
Photo: btu.org.ua
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690431-vidomo-z-kim-zigrae-svitolina-na-turniri-u-carlstoni.html 
In Ukraine tomorrow will rain, in the afternoon up to 12 ° 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T23:15:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T23:15:00+03:00
Description: In Ukraine, on April 2, it rains, in the Carpathians with snow, temperature at night 4-9 ° heat, in the eastern part and the Carpathians about 0 °, in the afternoon 7-12 °. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16094... "]
Tags: ['Дощ', 'Погода', 'Прогноз']
Type: Article
 In Ukraine, on April 2, it rains, in the Carpathians with snow, temperature at night 4-9 ° heat, in the eastern part and the Carpathians about 0 °, in the afternoon 7-12 °.
Ukrinform was reported at the Ukrainian Hydrometeorological Center.
" , in the Carpathians with wet snow, only the ends of the night without precipitation. Wind southeast, in the day in the western holes of the Northwest, 5-10 m/s. At night 4-9 ° heat, in the east part and the Carpathians about 0 °; In the afternoon 7-12 °, in the south of the country and Transcarpathia up to 15 °, " - the message reads.
In Kiev and the region on Sunday, rain is forecast. Southeast wind, 5-10m/s. In the capital, the temperature at night is 7-9 °, in the daytime about 10 °, in Kyiv region at night4-9 ° heat, in the afternoon 7-12 °.
According to the forecast, a moderate, in the southern regions, April 3 is expected at night(In the afternoon in Ukraine)light rain, in the west of the country with wet snow; On April 4, in the western, northern, places of the central regions a small wet, in the southern regions(afternoon and on the Right Bank)moderate rain; on the different power without significant precipitation.
On the roads of the western part of the country in places of ice. The wind is predominant-west, 7-12 m/s, in the southern, April 3 and in the western regions gusts of 15-20 m/s.
Temperature in the southern and eastern parts of the country at night 1-6 ° warm, day10-15 °(April 4 in Odessa and Mykolaiv region 5-10 ° heat); in the western part of April 3 at 0 °, April 4, 1-6 ° Frost, in the Carpathians up to 10 ° frost, 1-6 ° heat in the afternoon; In the rest of the territory at night, on April 3, 1-6 ° C, April 4, 0 °, in the afternoon 3-8 ° heat.
In Kiev and the region on April 3, it is moderate at night, light rain in the afternoon, April 4 is likely to have light wet snow, in the afternoon, moderate rain. The wind is predominant, 7-12 m/s. In the capital on April 3, the temperature at night 3-5 ° heat, in the afternoon 5-7 °, April 4 at night about 0 °, in the afternoon 3-5 ° heat; in Kyiv region at night 3-6 ° heat, April 4 from 2 ° heat to 3 ° frost; in the afternoon 3-8 ° heat.
Forecasters are forecasting on April 5-6 in Ukraine, sometimes rain, in the western, Zhytomyr and Vinnytsia regions with wet snow, only in Transcarpathia, on the night of April 5, and in the afternoon, in the afternoon on April 6 and in the southern regions without precipitation.
Read also: 
In Kiev and the region is expected moderate, light on April 6th. Ugly temperature at night 2-4 ° heat, in the afternoon 7-9 °; In Kyiv region at night 0-5 ° heat, in the afternoon 5-10 °.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690324-v-ukraini-zavtra-dositime-vden-do-12.html 
Yermak met with the President of the International Gymnastics Federation 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T23:36:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T23:36:00+03:00
Description: Presidential Head Andriy Yermak met with the President of the International Gymnastics Federation Morinari Vatanabe, who is in Ukraine. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... ", " 1680381261-17... ", " 1680381368-49... ", " 1680381304-94... ", " 1680381171-66... ", " 1680381133-40... "]
Tags: ['Японія', 'Гімнастика', 'Олімпіада', 'Санкції', 'Спорт', 'Єрмак', 'Офіс Президента']
Type: Article
 Presidential head Andriy Yermak met with the President of International Federation of Gymnastics Morinari Watanabe, who is in Ukraine.
About it reports , reports Ukrinform.
The meeting was attended by the adviser - the Presidential President for the Rights of the Child Rehabilitation Darius Gerasimchuk, Sister V.O. Commander of the 36th Brigadorsk infantry Sergiy Volynsky Tatiana Kharko, Minister of Youth and Sports Gutzait, Ukrainian athlete, Olympic Oleksa Olenagovorova.
The participants of the meeting told Morinari Watanabe about the aggression committed by Russia's opposing Ukraine, including crimes against Ukrainian children, including violent deportation. Representatives of Ukraine emphasized that the Russian Federation used athletes to promote aggression, so they called for it to support the initiative to prevent Russian and Belarusian athletes to participate in the Volympiad of 2024.
 The head of the Presidential Office noted that 90% of Russian gymnastics representatives are members of the club of the Russian army - CSKA, which is essentially represented by the Russian Russian Federation - exactly those who are involved in bombing, destruction of Ukrainian cities and killings of Ukrainians daily.
“We know that sanctions are the best non -lethal way. Therefore, Ukrainian disposes on the need to continue sanctions. And one of their species is not to give Russian and Belarussian athletes the opportunity to participate in Olympic Gigrams and other international competitions, ”Yermak said.
He stressed that Ukraine seeks to expel Russian troops from its land, to restore territorial integrity. As for persons who support Russian aggression, appropriate steps from all international organizations, including unportable organizations, must be taken.
“I convey the greetings from the President - he sincerely appreciates your personal visit to Dukraine, and especially to consider the information provided within the framework of today's meeting when making a decision on the admission of Russian and Belarusian athletes to participate in competitions. We hope that you will understand our pain, naphutraged, ”Yermak said.
 
As it is noted, Daria Gerasimchuk told in more detail about the crimes of Russia with anti -Ukrainian children. She noted that since the beginning of the full -scale invasion of RF468, young citizens of Ukraine were killed by the Russian aggressor, 944 children had wounded, 13 were raped by Russian military, hundreds of thousands of steady and forcibly exported from Ukraine with further change of citizenship.
 "We understand that Russia pursues its genocide policy for the purpose of selected in Ukraine, to select our children who are most important to us," the adviser - the Presidential Commissioner, stating that almost every Ukrainian child had a psychological trauma from the war.
She told Watanabe the story of the young gymnast Alexandra Pascal, which made her legs as a result of rocket attack by the Russian Federation. According to Mamadivchyk Maria during inclusion, her daughter received numerous injuries of the hassle, she suffered a complex treatment, and most importantly - the loss of licorice to do her favorite gymnastics through amputation. However, the current has a prosthesis and gradually returns to classes.
Maria Pascal also spoke for the removal of Russian athletes of Vidlympic competitions and called on the head of the International Gymnastics Federation to support this call.
The Minister of Youth and Sport in turn stressed that the Russian war of 262 athletes who also dreamed of being on and international championships. The army of Rftt also destroyed 363 sports facilities in Ukraine.
"It is very important for us that at sports competitions and Olympic Games athletes from Russia, because they all support this war and attend sizes that are held in support of this war," Vadim Gutzait stressed, noting that Russian athletes have a form with symbolism This war, the murders of Ukrainian athletes are poor.
Read also: Olena Govorova, for her part, noted that the presence of Russian athletes in international competitions will never understand athletes from Ukraine, who have been lost their relatives and relatives through aggression of the Russian Federation, visited occupation, musilitated in storage facilities or with constant breaks through bombing.
 
Sister V.O. The commander of the 36th Marine Corps of Sergey Volynsky Tetianaharko reminded that the basic principle of the Olympic Games is the support of peaceful world society, and Russia violates it and sends its military to the peaceful Ukrainian population, rape women, children, violates all human rights and rules. . The individual emphasized the issue of prisoners of war, because her brother passed a Russian volon, where he was in inhumane conditions.
 “His brothers return to Ukraine crippled people, they lose up to 40 kg of weight, people in captivity die ... This is all the case of the hands of the Russian Federation. I think that the same ways to stop this horror is to prevent Russia from the Olympic Games. The civilized world should show its true values, ”Kharko said.
Read also: During the meeting, Vatanabe noted that he is a friend of Ukraine and Ukrainian gymnastics. He said that he visited Bucha, where he saw with his own eyes the consequences of the Russian soldiers, communicated with local residents.
“I feel your pain. Those who support the war are deserving of severe punishment, ”the President of the International Gymnastics Federation summarized.
As reported, international federations Despite the recommendations of the IOC to allow them to be international tournaments.
Foto: op 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690436-ermak-zustrivsa-z-prezidentom-miznarodnoi-federacii-gimnastiki.html 
Barcelona defeated La League in Elche Outsider 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T23:51:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T23:51:00+03:00
Description: Barcelona players on the away defeat "Elche" in the 27th round of the elite division of the Spanish Championship. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Барселона', 'Футбол']
Type: Article
 Barcelona players at the exit caused a devastating defeat of Elche in the 27th round of the elite dyshizhum of the Spanish Championship.
The match at Estadio Manuel Martinez Valero in Elche ended in favor of the benefits with a score of 4: 0, Ukrinform reports.
The success of the Catalans brought goals of the forwards Robert Lewandowski(20, 66 minutes), Fatie's Ans(56)you ferrana Torresa(70).
Читайте також: Barcelona gained 71 points and continues to lead in the Laliga standings. The second goes the “real”(56), which will host Validolid on April 2. Elche(13)It remains in Primera in the last, 20th place.
Photo: AFP.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690439-barselona-rozgromila-autsajdera-la-ligi-v-elce.html 
In an accident with a truck in Odesa region the couple was killed 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-01T23:54:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-01T23:54:00+03:00
Description: Two people were killed in the Berezov district of Odessa region as a result of the collision of a car with a truck. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... ", " 1680381869-53... ", " 1680381886-35... "]
Tags: ['ДТП', 'Одещина', 'Загибель', 'Вантажівка']
Type: Article
 The Ubereziv district of the Odessa region was killed by two people as a result of the collision of the car.
About it reports Odessa region, reports Ukrinform.
The accident happened on the Kiev - Odesa highway near the village of Stara Mayaki.
"According to preliminary information, the driver of the Daewoo Lanos car, trying to go around the obstacle, did not cope with driving and collided with a driving car DAF, which was riding. The police.
 It is noted that the 30-year-old truck driver, a resident of Vinnytsia region, was not becoming.
 The issue of entering information in the Unified Register of Pre -trial Investigations under Part 3 of Art. 286 of the Criminal Code(Violation of traffic safety or operation by persons who manage transmission facilities that caused the death of several persons).
Читайте також: As In Chernihiv, two people were killed in a road accident.
Foto: od.npu.gov.ua 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690438-u-dtp-z-vantazivkou-na-odesini-zaginulo-podruzza.html 
Definition of the concept of "cyberwar" will allow the occupants to be held accountable 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T58:00:00-04:00
Description: The Secretary's Intercessor for the sake of National Bezpeki I defending Ukrainian Sergey Demedyuk Ta ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' whatsapp-image-2023-03-31-at-16.00.25-2.jpeg ', ' WhatsApp%20Image%202023-03-31%20at%2016.00.25%20(1).jpeg ']
Tags: ['РНБО']
Category: News
 Deputy Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine Serhiy Demedukt Deputy Head of Information Security and Cybersecurity Service-Head of Information Security Department of the National Sec . About this it is referred On the NSDC website.
The event organized by the National Academy of the SBU was also attended by representatives of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine, the Security Service of Ukraine, the General Staff, the National Police of Ukraine, the State Secretariat of Communications, the Verkhovna Rada Committee on National Security, Defense and Intelligence, the Kyiv Commercial and Industry, NAS of Ukraine, NAS, NAS, NAS of Ukraine HOV and Media.
Among the issues discussed during the conference, special attention was paid to the importance of the normative definition of the concept of "cyberwar".
 “Today, according to their knowledge and experience, it defines the concept of" cyberwar ". The alleged country of the world still does not have a single clear wording. We have to define the concept of "cyberwar" and its interpretation. This will contribute to the reference of those who commit military crimes against Ukraine and its citizens without stepping on Ukrainian land, ”said NSDC Secretary of Ukraine Sergiy Demedyuk.
During the conference, participants discussed ways to counteract the information and psychological influences of the Russian Federation on the Ukrainian military and strengthen the protection of information with restricted access in war.
It was also proposed to start a unique scientific research of cyberwarrows. For this, they plan to attract representatives of all the entities of Kibiber Security, the objects of critical infrastructure, and public organizations of Tanucco institutions.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/s-demedyuk-vyznachennya-ponyattya-kibervijna-spryyatyme-prytyagnennyu-do-vidpovidalnosti-tyh-hto-chynyt-voyenni-zlochyny-proty-ukrayiny-ne-stupayuchy-na-yiyi-zemlyu/ 
Dmytro Kuleba urged Britain to refuse the visas to the athletes of the Russian Federation and Belarus 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T59:00:00-04:00
Description: The Ministry of Law Formation Dmitro Kuleba Khuleba jamming the execution of great British Vidmoviti from VIZAS ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 2022-02-07t155006z_1511779818_rc22fs91p03g_rtrmadp_3_ukraine-crisis-germany-pic_32ratio_900x600-900x600-79766.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ДМИТРО КУЛЕБА']
Category: News
 Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba called on the Great British government to refuse Russian and Belarusian tennis players who were allowed to brothers in the Wimbledon tournament despite Russia's crimes in Ukraine.
Dmytro Kuleba [wrote] about it(https://twitter.com/DmytroKuleba/status/1641790179567456259?s=20)Violter.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/dmytro-kuleba-zaklykav-brytaniyu-vidmovyty-u-vizah-sportsmenam-rf-ta-bilorusi/ 
Prime Minister of Ukraine met with the head of the Slovak government 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T60:00:00-04:00
Description: Prem and Ministrakhokhokhkhok Denis Schmigal Proviv Zustych at Kiwi Zm'r-Ministrom ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and Russia and Russia and Russia When the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' thumb_201937_820_360_0_0_auto.jpg ']
Tags: []
Category: News
 Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal met in Kiev with the Prime Minister of the Slovak Republic Edward Heger. About it reports Government portal.
"Slovakia continues to demonstrate solidarity with us, the determination to conforming justice and democratic values," Denisshmigal said.
The Prime Minister of Ukraine stressed that today the key task is to win the battlefield. Therefore, Ukraine appreciates the decision of the Slovak Government to transfer the MiG-29 aircraft, launching installations of the CUB SPR and other weapons.
"All this will help our warriors in the liberation of the Ukrainian territories, after which it is a larger project of recovery on the continent with the entire European family and the whole European family," Denis Shmigal emphasized.
The head of the Ukrainian government thanked for the comprehensive assistance that Slovakianeades our country during the full -scale aggression of Russia.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/premyer-ministr-ukrayiny-proviv-zustrich-iz-glavoyu-uryadu-slovachchyny/ 
In Avdiivka, the army of the Russian Federation killed a 5-month-old infant and his grandmother-the proceedings were launched 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T61:00:00-04:00
Description: For the proprietary Kerivnitvva, Donetsko's prosecutor's office of Rozdochatovo ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine will be either in 2022 or there will be or will be No, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 400_0_1646978005-2185.webp ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АВДІЇВКА', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ЗЛОЧИНИ РФ', 'ОФІС ГЕНЕРАЛЬНОГО ПРОКУРОРА УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
Under the procedural leadership of the Donetsk Regional Prosecutor's Office, a case investigation into criminal proceedings on violation of the laws of war, combined with premeditated murder(Part 2 of Art. 438 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine).
За даними слідства, ввечері 31 березня 2023 року окупаційні війська рфздійснили артилерійський обстріл м. Авдіївки. Снаряд влучив у приватнийбудинок, в якому проживала родина. У полум’ї, що охопило оселю, загинули69-річна жінка та її 5-місячний онук.
За попередніми даними, поранень також зазнали мати й батько малюка, якізнаходились на подвір’ї. Наразі пошуково-рятувальні роботи тривають.
На місці працюють правоохоронці та рятувальники.
Прокурори продовжують вживати всі належні та можливі заходи для документуваннявоєнних злочинів, вчинених представниками збройних сил рф.
Джерело: Офіс Генеральногопрокурора 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/u-avdiyivczi-armiya-rf-vbyla-5-misyachne-nemovlya-ta-jogo-babusyu-rozpochato-provadzhennya/ 
On the initiative of the organization "Women made of steel" a meeting with native prisoners of war took place 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T62:00:00-04:00
Description: At the framework of the enormous organizing “Zhinki Zi Stali”, Vidbuli Zustychychi was ... war with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' eb723868-fb90-4fdb-91a5-d8a391e0c251.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙСЬКОВОПОЛОНЕНІ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 Within the framework of the NGO "Women made of steel" a meeting with native servicemen, who were transported in the spring of 2022 by the warded Mariupol to help the city's defenders on the screws.
About it reports Coordinating headquarters on the behavior of wedged.
The question was answered by the head of the working group on the interaction of the Zicka and relatives of the defenders of the coordination headquarters Andriy Yusov.
In particular, they discussed the issues of cash, correspondence with the captives of Ipozova in international courts on the aggressor country regarding illegal maintenance citizens.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Prosecutor General's Office are working on claims. Human rights activists are also involved in the process.
"Some data concerns criminal proceedings that open law enforcement organs, they need careful verification and processing," Andriyus said.
Whether he is captured in Russia under investigation can be found in the assistance of triggered lawyers and human rights defenders. Like the "sentences" of the Russian courts, being under investigation is not an obstacle to exchange.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/za-inicziatyvy-organizacziyi-zhinky-zi-stali-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-ridnymy-vijskovopolonenyh/ 
On a fool's day in Russia, a call for conscript service to the army began 
Author: ['Володимир Поліщук']
Time: 2023-04-01T63:00:00-04:00
Description: 1 kvynya, the omnipotent is the day of the fool, in Moscow, the news of the prizes Strokovikiv ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when The war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' pryzovnyky-rf.webp ']
Tags: ['ДУТА ВЕЛИЧ РОСАРМІЇ', 'ДУТА ВЕЛИЧ РОСІЇ']
Category: News
 On April 1, on the World Holiday - a fool day, in Muscovy, spring conscripts began to army. Its General Staff reported that he had already started to receive conscripts electronically.
The day before, the President of the Terrorist Federation, Vladimir Putin, signed a decree of the spring call to the army, the troops of the National Guard, the Ministry of Emergencies and the FSO 147 thousand Russian ages from 18 to 27 years. Future soldiers will serve for one year.
About it writes Russian propaganda resource Interfax.ru.
"No military serviceman will be sent to a zone-special military operation,"-quotes the publication of a representative of the Chief Organizational and Settlement of the General Staff of the General Staff of the Russian Federation by the counter-Admiral Vladimir.
It is not excluded that the promises of the highest military-political leadership of Russia are unsuccessful for war with Ukraine will become the next priority.(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2N39cjWYzE)About the violation of this pre-es.
In particular, cases where conscripts were in the ranks of the occupation, last year investigated The main military prosecutor's office of Russia.
Severreal.org site wrote , which, the establishments of the military prosecutor of the western district of Arthur Yegiyev, at least 600 conscripts were involved in hostilities in Ukraine. He remained that "about 12 officers" were punished for it, and the term workers were quickly reversed to Russia.
Probably not to stand on these rakes again, the commanders will convince(will force)To sign the newly arrived soldiers with Rosarmia.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/u-den-durnya-v-rosiyi-rozpochavsya-pryzov-na-strokovu-sluzhbu-do-armiyi/ 
Ukrainian Flights ’ Businesses do not receive proper medical care in the prisons of the Russian Federation - Lubinets 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T64:00:00-04:00
Description: 
Images: [' photo_2023-03-31_10-54-37.jpg ']
Tags: []
Category: News
 "Civic journalist Irina Danilovich, who announced a dry Government a week ago, once again refused a medical examination, and without making a planned Market. For several months she has severe headache and hearing pain. Irina is unknown from 20 March, because she is refused to communicate with her relatives and protection, " -said [Commissioner of the Verkhovna Rada for Human Rights Dmitrylubinets]](https://t.me/dmytro_lubinetzs/2033)In his telegram.
The Ombudsman also notes that nothing is known about the health of another political prisoner - Oleg Prikhodko, who has a foot disease and chronic internal organ diseases.
In January, the colony administration denied her relatives on a date. Also an unknown place of residence during forced crossing to Chuvashia.
"Moreover, according to relatives, 64-year-old Oleg Prikhodko is threatened by a new termination with a fabricated accusation because of refusing to cooperate with the FSB. The non-supplying medical aid to citizens of Ukraine, devoid of liberty of Russian Federation from political motives, is systemic. fatal consequences, "Lubinets added.
He also recalled that in early February, two -eradows from the Crimea died in Russian prisons: Dzhemil Gafarov and Konstantin Shiring. Both have not provided health and health problems.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/ukrayinski-politvyazni-ne-otrymuyut-nalezhnoyi-medychnoyi-dopomogy-v-tyurmah-rf-lubinecz/ 
9 NFF participants will be judged by the torture of civilians in Kherson region, including the SBU exquisite 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T65:00:00-04:00
Description: The prosecutors of the Khersonskoye district prosecutors were shocked to trial ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 is the last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 339087699_241510001662141_1673767450587230515_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ОФІС ГЕНЕРАЛЬНОГО ПРОКУРОРА УКРАЇНИ', 'ХЕРСОН']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
Prosecutors of the Kherson Regional and Kherson District Prosecutor's Office sent a pre -trial detention act on the head of the illegal armed formation of its participants. All the accused previously worked in law enforcement.
The investigation found that during the temporary occupation of the city of Kherson, the illegal armed formation - "State Security Service of the Kherson Region" was created.
The formation became analogous to the FSB for the occupied territories of Kherson region. The chief of the punitive body consisted of the secured separation of the region of the Ukrainian region and accession to the Russian Federation. For this purpose, NFF participants performed the task of suppressing the movement of resistance to the region and any manifestations of non-recognition of the policy of occupation power.
The former head of the Security Service of Ukraine is a fugitive time.
Representatives of the so -called service were found and detained by citizens of Ukraine, pro -Ukrainian activists, opponents of the occupying power, other civilians.
In one of the captured buildings in Kherson, the participants of the formation equipped the place of illegal imprisonment and torture of people.
Civilians were kept in inhumane conditions, they were used by psychological tafhysical violence.
They were subjected to beatings daily, electric torture. They were restricted to nutrition and did not give water. NFF participants imitated the execution of the victims.
The detention of civilians occurred under various reasons, and in some cases, they could only pay "ransom".
On the basis of the evidence collected by the head of illegal armed formation, they will be assumed on deliberate actions in order to illegally change the boundaries of the territory of the tanica border of Ukraine, state betrayal, management of illegal armed forces and attacks on enterprises and citizens, ill -treatment a group of persons(Part 2 of Art. 110, Part 2 of Art. 111, Part 3, Part 4 of Article 260, Part 2 of Art. 28 h. 1 Art. 438 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine).
The defendants have been wanted now.
Source: _ General Prosecutor Office _
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/za-katuvannya-czyvilnyh-na-hersonshhyni-sudytymut-9-uchasnykiv-nzf-sered-yakyh-eksgolova-sbu/ 
Aviation of Defense Forces over the past day has made 10 beats in the areas of focus of occupiers 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T66:00:00-04:00
Description: About the General Headquarters of the Zbroyshany forces of Ukraine. - Avіiaziya defense forces ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine latest news today, news war with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be The war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' war-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
About it reports General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-mynulu-dobu-zavdala-10-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv/ 
Our defenders repelled 70 enemy attacks 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T67:00:00-04:00
Description: The enemy is the sinking of Zoedzhuvati Basic Zusill on the leading advancing di ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine will be in 2022 Or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 630_360_1676912332-614.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ', 'ХРОНІКА ОБОРОНИ']
Category: News
 Illustrative Photo 🔥Set on Russian invasion 
The enemy continues to focus the main efforts on the offensive acting Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions.
About it reports General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/nashi-zahysnyky-vidbyly-70-vorozhyh-atak/ 
In the Luhansk region, the racists select apartments from people 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T68:00:00-04:00
Description: About the General Headquarters of the Zbroyshany forces of Ukraine. - Snowing the fіksuvati ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia, and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be war With Ukraine, in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 37_main-v1660280985.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
About it reports General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
Also, as the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine notes, after an effective fire, in the areas of concentration of live power and technique of the enemy, the Utroitsky district of Luhansk region the invaders strengthened the counterintelligence. Local residents are inspected, mobile communication is distinguished in some settlements.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/na-luganshhyni-rashysty-vidbyrayut-kvartyry-u-lyudej/ 
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated 630 invaders and destroyed 8 artistem 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T69:00:00-04:00
Description: Zagalni Boyov, take the enemy on 02.24.22 to 01.04.23 Orintovo to become: ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war, when, war With Ukraine in 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' vtraty-rf-100-scaled.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ВТРАТИ ВОРОГА', 'ІНФОГРАФІКА']
Category: News
 🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
The overall fighting loss of the enemy from 24.02.22 to 01.04.23 will be orientated:
Personnel - * 173990(+630)persons eliminated tanks - 3616(+1) combat armored vehicles - 6981(+4) Artillery systems - 2683(+8) RSZV - 527(+1) air defense means - 279(+1) aircraft - 306(0) helicopters - * 291(0) UAV Operative Tactical Level- 2248(0) Winged missiles - 911(0) ships / boats - * 18(0) Automobile equipment and tanks - 5528(+7) Special equipment - 296(+2)The data is specified ...
Beat the occupier!Let's win together!Our power is in truth!
Source: General Staff of Armed Forces As of 01.04.23.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-570-okupantiv-znyshhyly-8-artsystem/ 
Lithuania continues to support Ukraine in the transformation of the military education system 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T70:00:00-04:00
Description: Litovska Republika Prevavati Predatno-Doradchu Pidrimku with the Panitsy ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 337733367_991402285564225_815008231416570030_n.jpg ', ' 336378713_780101266960358_7323530839204266492_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВОЛОДИМИР МІРНЕНКО', 'ДОПОМОГА ПАРТНЕРІВ']
Category: News
 The Republic of Lithuania continues to provide expert-advisory support in the issues of traffic formation of the system of military education and science.
About it reports Department of Military Education and Science of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine.
Director of the Department of Military Education and Science of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine, Vladimir Mirnenko met in Kiev with an advisor on defense planning from the Lithuanian Republic of Lithuania by the Daucreus Polevakas.
Volodymyr Mirnenko thanked for the significant military, educational and advisory assistance provided by Lithuania to Ukraine, and informed the interlocutor in the process of implementation of new conceptual principles of state policy in the field of military education and science.
 For his part, Dalius Polevauskas assured the readiness to provide comprehensive, including expert advisory, assistance in the implementation of transformation changes in the system of military education and science in such a complex war for Ukraine.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/lytva-prodovzhuye-pidtrymuvaty-ukrayinu-u-pytannyah-transformacziyi-systemy-vijskovoyi-osvity/ 
"The Russian Federation should be responsible primarily for aggression - as a primary crime" - Anna Malyar 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T71:00:00-04:00
Description: About the intercessor of Minstra, the defense of Ukraine, Ganna Malel wrote with Telegram: “Naresti, s ... war with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when The war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' ganna-malyar-zastupnyk-ministra-oborony.jpg ']
Tags: ['FACES OF JUSTICE', 'STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГАННА МАЛЯР']
Category: News
 Anna painter
About this Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Anna Malyar wrote In Telegram:
“Finally, since 2014, Ukraine has raised a rigid and legally competent question of the correspondence of the Russian Federation for the war.
Yesterday, during the Buchan Summit of Faces of Justice, dedicated to the discussion of the prosecution of the aggressor state to the comprehensive responsibility of the Ukrainian people and humanity, President of Ukraine Volodymyrzelensky clearly expressed our state position on this issue.
Three levels of court proceedings are the National, International Criminal Court of Ispets tribunal.
And most importantly, the responsibility of the Russian Federation should be carried out primarily for aggression - as an primary crime.
After all, the main crime committed by the Russian Federation since 2014 is the crime of aggression(Domestic - war).
А воєнні злочини, злочини проти людяності, геноцид — похідні наразі.
На жаль, попереднє керівництво України займало непробачно м‘яку позицію щодопритягнення РФ до відповідальності і взагалі не подало нікуди жодного позовучи заяви щодо вчинення РФ саме агресії.
Влада і сама не називала це війною (ATO, OOS)Therefore, we were limited to the statements of the international institutions only on terrorism and war crimes.
In the end, we just spent a few years. And for the investigation of crimes - the cyinodes are fatal.
The requirement of Ukraine to create a special priorbun on the crime of aggression of the Russian Federation is a very strong position. Very!
Because since the Nuremberg process, international courts have no longer expelled for aggression.
Only for the derivative of her crimes.
International law and international courts work so poor.
Of course, there has never been enough international political consolidation, and there is a always war.
The only thing that was done since 2014 was the forces of brave Ukrainian judges to build 17 sentences for aggression within national justice.
The brave - because legally there was an ATO, and they wrote in the sentences - "aggression" was properly qualified.
At that time, I taught the qualification of crimes in the National School of Judges in zoning actions and was relevant to the development of this approach - how to qualify RFSAM actions under Article 437 of the Criminal Code "Planning, preparation, solving and maintaining an aggressive war".
I remember how many debates in the legal community that could not be contrary to the approaches of international humanitarian law that the subject of the crime is not.Moreover, our judges then made incredible and documented even information operations as one of the signs of war.
And finally, it is not a separate position of bold judges, but a clear and rigid state position of Ukraine.
It's a difficult way. But now he will show well - whether the world is ready to consolidate and punish wars for them. "
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/rf-povynna-ponesty-vidpovidalnist-nasampered-za-agresiyu-yak-pervynnyj-zlochyn-ganna-malyar/ 
Ukraine is a crucifixion: an exhibition dedicated to Russian crime is shown in New York 
Author: ['Анастасія Олехнович']
Time: 2023-04-01T72:00:00-04:00
Description: Vistavka "Ukrainian - Rosp ’atti" Vichel morally folded as the most garlic. Vaugh ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' img_20220526_100318.jpg ', ' dsc01529.jpg ', ' dsc01569-150x150.jpg ', ' dsc01570-150x150.jpg ', ' dsc01575-150x150.jpg ', ' img_20220509_151230-150x150.jpg ', ' dsc01578-150x150.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВИСТАВКА', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'США']
Category: News
 The Ukraine -Crucifixion exhibition turned out to be morally complex and honest. It shows the cruelty of the invaders and the destruction they bring. All exhibitors were collected just a few weeks before its opening.
She impressed the Ukrainians and guests of the country. And now it was opened in New York as a meters from the UN. The exhibits are presented on the eve of the UN consideration by the issue of an international tribunal, which will punish Russia for the crimes of aggression.
 -It was important for us that the society would see the consequences of occupation, what the dog is "Russian measure",-says Sergey Sudinovich, an employee of the National Museum of Ukrainian History in the Second World War, the Museum of War of the Motherland. —All, on May 8, 2022, we opened an exhibition "Ukraine-Crucifixion" in Ukraine. The expeditions of the museum staff were organized to the liberated points-Irpen, Bucha, Borodyanka, Makarov, Gostomel, etc. The Russians left many personal belongings, shoes, broken equipment, ammunition, dry -ups ... Some exhibits were handed over by representatives of the main intelligence department.
!(Images/AРМІЯINFORM/2023-04-01T72-00-00-04-00/dsc01569-150x150.jpg) 
 
 Sergey Svininovich shares that visitors could not contain emotions, considering the exhibits, many tears appeared in many minutes. However, this is the truth of today. Therefore, the fact that the exhibition is shown abroad is extremely important.
One of the key exhibits was the exact copy of the bomb shelter in Gostomel, and many locals, including children, were devoured. Thanks to the authentic vents, the atmosphere was restored as accurately as possible.
 Nowadays, the museum staff are preparing new exhibitions dedicated to the heroes of Ukraine who have received their lives, protecting the country.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/ukrayina-rozpyattya-vystavku-pro-rosijski-zlochyny-pokazuyut-u-nyu-jorku/ 
During the day, Rosarmia fired at the territory of 100 settlements in 9 regions of Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T73:00:00-04:00
Description: Behind the Nadani Sittle Center of the Mini -Construction of the Defense of Ukraine, INFORMASIY, the last ... war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo1680331962.jpeg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ']
Category: News
 According to the situational center of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine information, during the last day, Russian troops fired the territory of 9 regions of Ukraine.
About it informs Military Mediacenter.
In general, from different types of weapons(mortars, tanks, artillery, RSZV, S-300 ZRK, ICSCander-M, UAV, tactical aviation)The fires were fired, 45 infrastructure objects were confirmed.
7 people were killed and 12 were injured.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/za-dobu-rosarmiya-obstrilyala-terytoriyi-100-naselenyh-punktiv-u-9-oblastyah-ukrayiny/ 
In the south of Ukraine, it is increasingly difficult to use artillery - Natalia Humeniuk 
Author: ['Андрій Агєєв']
Time: 2023-04-01T74:00:00-04:00
Description: On the long birch of their own defense of Ukraine, to be the head of the ethnic stroke in warehouses ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' gumenyuk_3.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'НАТАЛІЯ ГУМЕНЮК']
Category: News
 On the left bank of the Defense Forces of Ukraine, effective point strokes of enemy ammunition. It is difficult to use artillery and they are attacked by aviation. The head of the united coordination press center of the south of Ukraine Natalia Humeniuk reported this on a live broadcast of the television "Judinovina".
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/na-pivdni-ukrayiny-vorogu-dedali-vazhche-zastosovuvaty-artyleriyu-nataliya-gumenyuk/ 
Russian invaders were forced to flee from Kyiv region - the President of Ukraine about the events of ancient times 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T75:00:00-04:00
Description: About the Facebook-Storansi President Volodymyr about the Facebook-Storans ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the war with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: []
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВОЛОДИМИР ЗЕЛЕНСЬКИЙ']
Category: News
About this it is referred In the video on the Facebook page of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky:
“Under the pressure of Ukrainian soldiers, Russian invaders were forced to flee the Zakivshchyna. This was facilitated by another secret weapon, which has been assumed to protect these lands from enemy invasions for several centuries. "
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/rosijski-okupanty-buly-zmusheni-tikaty-z-kyyivshhyny-prezydent-ukrayiny-pro-podiyi-richnoyi-davnyny/ 
In the Black Sea on combat duty - 2 enemy carriers of winged missiles "Caliber" 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T76:00:00-04:00
Description: About the cereal of the Navy of the ZS Ukrainian: as a village on 01.04.2023: the China Morce on ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, whether there will be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when , The war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' raketa-kalibr.jpg ', ' 339155880_617141826501915_7659111703541492213_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВМС ЗС УКРАЇНИ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ІНФОГРАФІКА']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
About it reports Navy of the Armed Forces of Ukraine:
as of 01.04.2023: 
 For the day in the interests of the Russian Federation the passage of the Kerch-Yenicral Strait made: 
The Russian Federation continues to violate the International Convention on the Protection of Human Life at the Sea of 1974.(SOLAS)by turning off automatic identification systems(AIS), Nazi vessels in the Azov Sea.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/u-chornomu-mori-na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-2-vorozhi-nosiyi-krylatyh-raket-kalibr/ 
Lieutenant General Mykola Oleshchuk congratulated the royal air forces of Great Britain on the 105th anniversary 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T77:00:00-04:00
Description: Commander of the General Forces of the Zbroyshanya, Lieutenant General Mikola Oleshchuk Provitav ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' oleshhuk.jpg ', ' yevrofajter-tajfun.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВЕЛИКА БРИТАНІЯ', 'МИКОЛА ОЛЕЩУК', 'ПОВІТРЯНІ СИЛИ ЗС УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 Commander of the Air Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, Lieutenant General Mykolaoleshchuk congratulated colleagues from the royal aircraft, referred to as a nuity Telegram-channels Command Air Force: 
“On April 1, 2023, the royal air forces of the United Kingdom - 105 years!
For more than a hundred years of history, royal air forces have always been one of the more sedated air armies of the world and played a key role in the operations of safety and stabilization worldwide!
Today, the United Kingdom provides unprecedented support to the Ukrainian people with a Russian aggressor, the Ukrainian people are infinitely grateful to the British!
From the personnel of the Air Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine I congratulate all the personnel roller forces with this date!”.
 **
Reference: the royal air forces of the United Kingdom(English. Royal Air Force, Raf)- an integral part of the armed forces of the United Kingdom. Royal PS has been storing since the official formation of April 1, 1918. With victory in the First World War, the United Kingdom became the greatest air forces of a separate country at that time. From the moment of formation, they played an exceptional role in the military history of Britain, a special contribution was made by them during the Second World War, in particular Britain. Recall that at the Air Parade for Independence Day of Ukraine in 2021, the fourth -generation of the eurofighter Typhoon passed by Khreshchatyk in one system with our fighters. 
**
_ Prepared Andrei Ageev._
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/general-lejtenant-mykola-oleshhuk-pryvitav-korolivski-povitryani-syly-velykoyi-brytaniyi-zi-105-yu-richnyczeyu/ 
In the Bakhmut direction, the enemy continues to suffer significant losses - Sergey Cherevaty 
Author: ['Андрій Агєєв']
Time: 2023-04-01T78:00:00-04:00
Description: Mosto Bakhmut is kicked by one of the worship of the Vorog. Piabanding was shown for the doba ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the war with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia, and when, the war with Ukraine will be or not, there will be or not, it will be, it will be whether the war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 20_main-v1677846681.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ВТРАТИ ВОРОГА', 'СЕРГІЙ ЧЕРЕВАТИЙ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
The city of Bakhmut remains one of the priority goals of the enemy. During this day, 170 strokes of the Front were struck on the Bakhmut Front from the Front from the Front, and 25 combat clashes took place. A spokesman for the Eastern Grouping of Ukraine Colonel Sergey Cherevaty informed about it in the direct Eviritetleorphone "Unified News".
He also added that the enemy tries to regroup. Incredible losses are "Wagnerivtsi". The enemy will not be able to significantly change their so -called "meter by meter" tactics, it is very extensive. And, as the Kharkiv surgery, these meters occupied by the enemy very quickly returned to.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-vorog-prodovzhuye-zaznavaty-znachnyh-vtrat-sergij-cherevatyj/ 
In the Limano-Kupian direction, the enemy applies different types of artillery-Sergey Cherevaty 
Author: ['Андрій Агєєв']
Time: 2023-04-01T79:00:00-04:00
Description: At the Liman-Current Linge, they’ve been exceeded, yaki warewell ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' cherevatyj-960x540-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'СЕРГІЙ ЧЕРЕВАТИЙ']
Category: News
 In the Limano-Kupyansk direction there are mainly units, which are formed mobilized to the airborne, motorized rifle troops of the Russian Federation, the army of the so-called LNR. A spokesman for the Eastern Grouping of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Colonel Sergiy Cherevaty told about it live on the live broadcast of the only news.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/na-lymano-kupyanskomu-napryamku-vorog-zastosovuye-rizni-typy-artyleriyi-sergij-cherevatyj/ 
Troy soldiers perform tasks in the hottest sections of the front - brigade general Sergey Sobko 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T80:00:00-04:00
Description: Quitter of the chief of staff - the intercessor of the commander of the Teriteric Defense Forces of the Zbroany Forces ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo1680347923.jpeg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'СЕРГІЙ СОБКО', 'ТЕРОБОРОНА']
Category: News
 Quotes the chief of staff - Deputy Commander of the Territorial Defense Forces forces of Ukraine Brigade General Sergey Sobko Military Mediacenter :
“Before the full -scale invasion of the territorial defense force, just over 6,000 personnel laid down. Today we are tens of thousands: someone with military experience, the majority - yesterday's civilian. But we combine to beat the occupier.
At the beginning of the reflection of the Russian invasion, not every unit had enough time. Some battalions had to take up battle positions immediately. Other have learned the necessary skills.
Now almost all of our units with combat experience. Terrobronivtsi brandy in a counter -offensive in Kharkiv and Donetsk region. Kiev, Kharkiv, Sumy, Chernihiv defended. Kherson, estuary, Izium, Kupyansk and other cities were liberated.
Today, our troops are performing tasks in the hottest areas of the front: near the carbon, Avdiivka, Bakhmut, Kreminna.
In order to quickly solve the problem of the lack of qualified commanders of the Middle Lanka, platoons and our mouth, we have started a unique for our armed rifle project called "Capital Vyshkil".
The course is based on the standards of teaching NATO Member States and taking into account the Russo-Ukrainian War. The course instructors are combat officers who have passed their training abroad. Now they pass the experience to others.
We create a new military culture, which is based on the ideas of brotherhood, cohesion and will to win.
Glory to Ukrainian Tro!Glory to Ukraine!"
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/voyiny-tro-vykonuyut-zavdannya-na-najgaryachishyh-dilyankah-frontu-brygadnyj-general-sergij-sobko/ 
Ministers of Defense of Ukraine and Slovakia met in Kiev 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T81:00:00-04:00
Description: About TELEGRAM, the defense of the Ukrainian defense of the Ochirnika VIDEMITITIONS ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the war with Ukraine 2022 is the last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 1-2.jpg ', ' 2-2.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ОЛЕКСІЙ РЕЗНІКОВ', 'СЛОВАЧЧИНА']
Category: News
 About this in Telegram reports Ministry of Defense of Ukraine and quotes the head of the department Alexei Reznikov:
"He was glad to accept my Slovak colleague and friend Yaroslav Nadia in Kiev. We are attending for considerable military assistance, including for the transfer of MiG-29t aircraft for providing the air defense system for the Armed Forces. With such great neighbors, Yakslovakia, victory over the Russian aggressor is inevitable. "
 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/ministry-oborony-ukrayiny-i-slovachchyny-zustrilysya-u-kyyevi/ 
The SES has made more than 180 trips per day to eliminate the consequences of aggressor shelling 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T82:00:00-04:00
Description: About CED POLIDOLYA, Ukrainian, at his own company, Storinzi at the social Merezhi Facebook. ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 400_0_1665422622-4226.webp ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ДСНС УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
About it reports SES of Ukraine on its official page on the social network Facebook.
SES Prompt information on the consequences of combat operations by Russian federation.
On March 31, 181 departure of shelling of the occupants of settlements and infrastructure objects was eliminated during the day of March 31.
Psychological assistance was provided 101.
Background: since the beginning of the war, 87 thousand 90 departures for the liquidation of shelling were eliminated, 14 thousand 240 fires were liquidated, 3 thousand 978 persons were rescued, and 207 thousand 927 persons were provided psychological assistance.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/dsns-zdijsnyla-ponad-180-vyyizdiv-za-dobu-dlya-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-obstriliv-agresora/ 
Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed with Emmanuel Macron Defense Interaction of Ukraine and France 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T83:00:00-04:00
Description: About the President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelentsky, having written with Facebook: “The Godinas Rozmovі ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 The last ones today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 339339817_611521384180989_6468973531319361869_n-e1680355105953.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВОЛОДИМИР ЗЕЛЕНСЬКИЙ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ЕММАНУЕЛЬ МАКРОН']
Category: News
 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy [wrote] about it(https://www.facebook.com/zelenskiy.official/posts/pfbid02KHLXiAe84gTGUTVdxSh2NJduzvC8ZCHTUoJSdjZZ4Z7P68LzLCpnmDcYTaGswtBGl)On Facebook:
“In an hourly conversation with Emmanuel Macron, the interaction of Ukraine and France is discussed and effectively discussed. He informed in detail about the situation of Nafroron. They stopped on further steps in the implementation of the Formula of Peace.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/volodymyr-zelenskyj-obgovoryv-z-emmanuelem-makronom-oboronnu-vzayemodiyu-ukrayiny-ta-francziyi/ 
The property of the Ministry of Defense returned real estate of an area of more than 7,000 square meters 
Author: ['Назар Волошин']
Time: 2023-04-01T84:00:00-04:00
Description: For 2007-2009, the Rocks of the Calches Services of the same sovereign Pidprimani ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 02e284b9be58db3d46a9d31490538857a0693354.jpg ']
Tags: ['ЗЕМЛЯ МОУ', 'МОУ']
Category: News
 During 2007-2009, former officials of one of the state-owned enterprises of the Ministry of Defense organized a criminal scheme for the withdrawal of immovable mining of the state. She was that the CEO of the state -owned enterprise, abusing his office, gave the subordinate enterprises notarized power of attorney for the realization of objectivity. And with an invalid power of attorney, officials on the ground selling property to commercial structures. One of the objects that was implemented in this scheme is the property complex with a total area of 7000 square meters. m in the city Ternopil. The head of the Main Department of Defense and Funds of the Ministry of Defense Colonel Boris Zanny told about it.
According to him, the official of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine, using a power that has lost its validity, concluded with the commercial structure the contracting and sale of a complex of buildings and structures in the historic center of Mistenernopil. After that, the "merchants" were unlawfully seized by state property, which is twice less than the market.
The defense department, together with law enforcement agencies, took measures to return this property, instead the merchants resorted to new schemes of dual registration of the same property by individuals close to the enterprise.
However, on the measures of the Ministry of Defense in the office of counteracting the raid, the Ministry of Justice was unlawful state registration of real rights under a private company 9 objects of real estate with a total area of 7000 square meters. m in the city of Ternopil, as a result, registered the ownership of these objects by the state
It should be noted that cases of appropriation of real estate and the lands of defense are Enevoidin, even in the conditions of martial law.
The Ministry of Defense of Ukraine will continue to take measures to prevent the state rights of the state in any manifestation.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/u-vlasnist-minoborony-povernuto-neruhome-majno-ploshheyu-ponad-7000-kvadratnyh-metriv/ 
Ukrainian artillerymen destroy the enemy from the British gun L119 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T85:00:00-04:00
Description: About CE, General Valeriy Zaluzhny, writing with Facebook. Boydov Zavdannya ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: []
Tags: ['L119', 'STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВАЛЕРІЙ ЗАЛУЖНИЙ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ВТРАТИ ВОРОГА']
Category: News
General Valery Zaluzhny wrote On Facebook.
The combat mission is performed by our artillerymen with the help of the British gun L119. They destroyed the enemy LNG-9 spear together with the ammunition. And also harmed the enemy mortar 2V9 "Basil".
Thank you to everyone who defends.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/brytanska-garmata-l119-znyshhuye-vorozhu-tehniku/ 
The first issue of military chaplains took place in Kiev 
Author: ['Світлана Кирган']
Time: 2023-04-01T86:00:00-04:00
Description: Sobodni in the Storm Cathedral of Holy Sophia - the wisdom of the fighting is a perishable vibrant ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' golovna_1.jpg ', ' foto_3.jpg ', ' foto2-1.jpg ', ' foto-malyar-150x150.jpg ', ' foto_9-150x150.jpg ', ' foto_1.jpg ', ' foto_6-150x150.jpg ', ' foto_4-150x150.jpg ', ' foto_5-150x150.jpg ', ' foto_10.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'ВИПУСК КАПЕЛАНІВ', 'ВІЙСЬКОВІ КАПЕЛАНИ', 'ГАННА МАЛЯР', 'КИЇВЩИНА']
Category: News
 Today, the first issue of military chaplains was held in the walls of St. Sophia Cathedral - the Wisdom of God, which completed six months of promotion on the military chaplaincy of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
 The preparation of thirty military chaplains from five religious organizations has been at the Military Institute of Kyiv National University named Taras Shevchenko.
The solemn events on the issue of military chaplains were made by the chief's heads and religious leaders of the organizations presented among the graduate chaplains.
 The head of the Orthodox Church of Ukraine made a welcoming speech of Metropolitan of Kyiv and all Ukraine Epiphanius.
Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Anna Malyar presented the graduates of the course certificates and chevron with the inscription "Being Nearby", which is a momentous chaplain.
!(Images/AРМІЯINFORM/2023-04-01T86-00-00-04-00/foto-malyar-150x150.jpg) 
 
When you protect your family, the state, your right to exist, it is very important that you rely on. Both chaplains and your Great Great is exactly what our army should rely on, in particular. I hope that a huge mission that has fallen on you will bring Ukraine to victory. From Vinubog!Glory to Ukraine!- said Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine.
 **
_ At the end of 2021 the Law of Ukraine "On the Service of the Capitalism", which normalized the chaplaincy in the Armed Forces, the National Guard, the State Border Service, as well as in other military formations came into force. In accordance with the provisions of the Law in the Armed Forces of Ukraine, a military chaplaincy service was formed, which became a separate structure, subordinated to the Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces. Acquisition of chaplaine is seized according to the obtained quota of the confessional representative chaplains in the Armed Forces_ 
**
After reading the prayer of the military chaplain, the heads of religious organizations realized the consecration of the Honorary Slave of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and conducted the rite of blessing of their representatives, which passed the first six-week training under a special program of preparation.
!(Images/AРМІЯINFORM/2023-04-01T86-00-00-04-00/foto_6-150x150.jpg) 
 
 Most of the graduates were already in the area of hostilities, disconnected the moral need of the warrior - to remain human and supported the spiritual forces of Ukrainian defenders.
**
Read also:
** in Kiev for the first time they will train military chaplains by a special program Among the graduates of the course are the junior lieutenant Alexander Andriyashin, a representative of "Evangelical Christians" and the first woman of the chaplain to complete the classroom training.
 
During the event, it was announced that the issue of creating a center for the training of military chaplains, which will function at the Taras Shevchenko Bazivian Institute, is currently being resolved.
Foto Dmitry Yurchenko 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/u-kyyevi-vidbuvsya-pershyj-vypusk-vijskovyh-kapelaniv/ 
The Russians once again fired at the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T87:00:00-04:00
Description: About the cereal of the operational command "Pivnich." The village of Rosiyski ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine latest news today, news war with Ukraine 2022 The latter for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine will be or not, it will be or not, it will be or not, it will be, whether the war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 2022-10-21-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny-i-sumshhyny-armiya-rf-obstrilyala-z-artyleriyi.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'СУМЩИНА', 'ЧЕРНІГІВЩИНА']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
About it reports Operational Command "North".
As of April 1, Russian troops fired at the border and Sumy region three times.
From 12:10 to 12: 25 4 parishes have been recorded, probably from the artillery, Uda NP. Karpovichi. There was no information about the loss of the local population or damage to the civilian infrastructure.
From 12:20 to 12: 25 3 parishes were recorded, probably with LNG, to the area of NP Bronyiva. There was no information about losses among the local population or damage to civil infrastructure.
From 14:35 to 14: 45 7 parishes, probably from the SAU, to the area of N.Psidorivka. There was no information about losses among the local population or damage to civil infrastructure.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/rosiyany-vkotre-obstrilyaly-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny-i-sumshhyny/ 
Grateful to the Slovak Republic for military assistance and Mih-29 aircraft, which will protect our sky and the lives of people-Alexei Reznikov 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T88:00:00-04:00
Description: Explitages of Artillery Ozbrinnya, Yogo Modornizatsya Zhekhvannyam Dosvіd Boyovikh ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for Ukraine and Russia, and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 1-2.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ОЛЕКСІЙ РЕЗНІКОВ', 'СЛОВАЧЧИНИ', 'ЯРОСЛАВУ НАДЮ']
Category: News
 Operation of artillery weapons, its modernization, taking into account the experience of hostilities, training of our soldiers and expanding the training programs for different military specialties. These issues were discussed during the meeting of the Defense of Ukraine Alexei Reznikov and the head of the Ministry of Defense of the Slovak Republic Yaroslav Nady.
Alexei Reznikov thanked the government, personally Yaroslav Nadia and the people of Slovakia, for transferred military assistance to the Armed Forces, in particular - aircraft could 29 who will protect our sky with other assets.
Alexei Reznikov and Yaroslav Nady communicated with the Armed Forces warriors. Representatives of the foreign delegation were heard from the first mouth about the experience of using Western arms, in particular Slovak production, in combat.
The head of the Ministry of Defense of the Slovak Republic expressed admiration for our military servicemen and celebrated their heroism, courage and true morale.
For providing Ukraine with comprehensive assistance during the armed aggression of Russia and fruitful work with the Ukrainian Defense Ministry, Alexei Reznikov awarded the Defense Minister of the Slovak Republic of Yaroslav Nadia, the Media of Ukraine - Medal for the Development of Military Cooperation.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/vdyachni-slovaczkij-respubliczi-za-vijskovu-dopomogu-ta-litaky-mig-29-yaki-zahyshhatymut-nashe-nebo-ta-zhyttya-lyudej-oleksij-reznikov/ 
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 8 beats in the enemy's concentration areas 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T89:00:00-04:00
Description: About Tse at Facebook, the General Staff of the ZSU. AvIACII of defense forces for Dob ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, whether the war between Ukraine and Russia will be, when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, there will be whether the war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' aviacziya-ps-zsu-zavdara-udariv.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВТРАТИ ВОРОГА', 'ХРОНІКА ОБОРОНИ']
Category: News
 Illustrative Photo 🔥 The Situation of Russian Completion 
About it on Facebook reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces.
The aviation of the defense forces per day struck the focus of the occupiers, and the units of missile troops and artillery struck 3 areas of living, weapons and military equipment and 2 enemy storage.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-8-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/ 
In Tokmak, the occupiers threaten Ukrainian citizens who do not have a Russian passport to ban entering the city 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T90:00:00-04:00
Description: About Tse at Facebook, the General Staff of the ZSU. Rosіyskі Portant ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be war With Ukraine, in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' okupant.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ']
Category: News
 Illustrative Photo 🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
About it on Facebook reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces.
Russian invaders continue the forced certification of the population of the temporarily fixed territory of Zaporizhzhya region. In particular, in the city of Tokmak, at the checkpoints, invaders restrict the movement of Ukrainian citizens who have not received passports of the Russian Federation. The invaders purposefully and deliberately search the transport means without further opportunity to enter the city. In the absence of a Russian passport, they threaten Ukrainian citizens with a ban on entering the city. In turn, representatives of the FSB, during searches of premises threaten local citizens of Ukraine, loss of work and problems with employment of a Russian passport.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/u-tokmaku-okupanty-pogrozhuyut-gromadyanam-ukrayiny-yaki-ne-mayut-rosijskogo-pasporta-zaboronyty-vyizd-u-misto/ 
In Donetsk, the defense forces reflected more than 50 enemy attacks 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T91:00:00-04:00
Description: About Tse at Facebook, the General Staff of the ZSU. Opponent ZoServzhu, the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be war With Ukraine, in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' artyleriya-zsu.jpeg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ВТРАТИ ВОРОГА']
Category: News
 Illustrative Photo 🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
About it on Facebook reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces.
The enemy focuses on the main efforts on the offensive actions of Nalimansk, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions. During the day, more than 50 attacks were reflected by the units of the Defense Forces of Ukraine. Fighting for the areas of Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Marinka settlements remain the most fierce.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/na-donechchyni-syly-oborony-vidbyly-ponad-50-atak-protyvnyka/ 
As a result of armed aggression of the Russian Federation in Ukraine, 467 children were killed 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T92:00:00-04:00
Description: About Tse Ofіs of the General Prosecutor of the Vice at Telegram. The village of Ranok is 1 kvіtyn ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news of the war with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia, and when, the war with Ukraine will be or not, there will be or not, there will be whether the war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 16_smert2.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ДІТИ ВІЙНИ']
Category: News
 The prosecutor general's office reports in telegram .
Станом на ранок 1 квітня 2023 року більше ніж 1411 дітей постраждали в Українівнаслідок повномасштабної збройної агресії РФ. За офіційною інформацієюювенальних прокурорів 467 дітей загинуло та понад 944 отримали пораненнярізного ступеню тяжкості.
Ці цифри не остаточні. Триває робота з їх встановлення в місцях веденнябойових дій, на тимчасово окупованих та звільнених територіях.
Найбільше постраждало дітей у Донецькій області — 448, Харківській — 275,Київській — 127, Херсонській — 94, Запорізькій — 88, Миколаївській — 85,Чернігівській — 68, Луганській — 66, Дніпропетровській — 66. 
31 березня внаслідок артилерійського обстрілу ворогом м. АвдіївкаДонецької області загинув 5-місячний хлопчик.
28 березня внаслідок обстрілу військами держави-агресора с. КолісниківкаХарківської області поранено 13-річного хлопчика.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/467-ditej-zagynuly-v-ukrayini-vnaslidok-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rf/ 
Today the Russian Federation began to preside in the UN Council, and yesterday Rosarmia killed another Ukrainian child - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T93:00:00-04:00
Description: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ttd-f4k3pg about the President of Ukraine Volodymyr ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: []
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВОЛОДИМИР ЗЕЛЕНСЬКИЙ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ВТРАТИ ВОРОГА', 'ОФІС ПРЕЗИДЕНТА УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said During his video address:
“I wish health, dear Ukrainians!
He signed two decrees on sanctions against those who work for Russian aggression.
These are officials of the aggressor state, its MIC-hundreds of companies-and collaborators. There is more than 650 new sanctions.
The NSDC will continue this work. And none of those who help terrorists work, supplies or produces weapons for terror - none of the responsibility.
Blocking of terror accomplices, isolation of a terrorist state, its defeat and judicial processes are what expects everyone who has begun and wages a war against Ukraine in international order.
By the way, this week, Switzerland joined the tenth sanction packet.
This is important when the states that are neutral in the military-political sense, they still take a clear moral position to Russian terror, to the destruction of the Rosiyglobal Order based on the rules.
Only in unity can we maintain peace as the basis of international relations, and I thank Veszerland for the relevant decisions.
He spoke with French President Emmanuel Macron today. Very detailed, an hour. About the situation on the front, about our interaction political, about how we peace in the implementation of the Ukrainian formula of peace. I thank France for unchanged support.
In general, the week has given a number of positive news for Ukraine, for our protection to protect the normal life of all free nations.
Within the framework of the OSCE, work on the first separate international report began to be administered by the violent deportation of Russian children and attempts to be abused by our children.
This crime of Russia is one of the most cynical and anti -human crimes of our time.
Russia commits it systematically and calculated, at the state level. Systemic will be responsible for him. Responsibility of Russia as the state and all who are involved.
I thank Germany for the new steps in the defensive support that have been made this week.
I thank Croatia for the next military support package. I thank the Northern Management for the decisions on helicopters. Slovakia, Slovenia.
I thank Canada for financial support, the funds have already been received from the state budget of Ukraine.
I thank the IMF for the new program for Ukraine. The program has been approved. The volume is more than 15 billion. This will help us to protect social stability.
Unfortunately, we also have the news obviously absurd and destructive. Today, the terrorist state has begun to preserve the UN Security Council.And at the same time Russia presides in the UN Security Council.
It is difficult to imagine something that proves more fully bankruptcy of such institutions ...
There is no such form of terror that is not yet made by Russia. And there will be no such reason that will stop the reform of global institutions, in particular the UN Security Council, which is obviously ripe-that the terrorist state and any other state that wants to be a terrorist could not destroy peace.
Terrorists must lose, should be responsible for terror, not presented anywhere.
Glory to all who are in battle now!
I thank everyone who helps Ukraine. Who protects the international order based on the rules!Thank you all who save and help save our people after wounds from Russian shelling!
Eternal memory of all adults and children whose lives have taken away terror of Russia!
Glory to Ukraine!"
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/sogodni-rf-pochala-golovuvaty-v-radbezi-oon-a-vchora-rosarmiya-vbyla-shhe-odnu-ukrayinsku-dytynu-volodymyr-zelenskyj/ 
SES units neutralized 270 explosive items during the day 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T94:00:00-04:00
Description: About CED POLIDOLYA, Ukrainian, at his own company, Storinzi at the social Merezhi Facebook. ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 339019202_153520950681587_629333154905379327_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ДСНС УКРАЇНИ', 'ІНФОГРАФІКА', 'МІНИ']
Category: News
About it reports SES of Ukraine on its official page on the social network Facebook.
During the day, the Pyrotechnic units of the SES were involved 150 times, identified, seized and disposed of 270 units. Explosive objects, 43.93 hectares.
 Often pyrotechnic units worked: in the Kharkiv region 16 thousand 188 times, Kyiv region - 7 thousand 370, Chernihiv - 4 thousand 408, Donetsk region - 4 thousand. 432, Mykolaiv region - 4 thousand 44, Kherson region - 3 thousand 771, Sumy region - 1 thousand755, Cherkasy region - 1 thousand 83. 
In total, since the beginning of a large -scale military invasion of the Russian Federation, the territory of Ukraine has been disposed of 339 thousand 251 units. Explosive objects 2 thousand 891 kg of explosive, including 2 thousand 200 units. aviation bomb. The territory of about 81 thousand 521 hectares was surveyed.
In case of detection of a suspicious object or explosive, immediately notify the number of the number - 101.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/pidrozdilamy-dsns-zneshkodyly-270-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-protyagom-doby/ 
Putin's plan for Donbass failed - GUR 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T95:00:00-04:00
Description: About the cowdropolitan gur Moscow. Pensit -byts of the Russian Federation did not winter the Zhadoi ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not , Will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 20230401-01.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'АНДРІЙ ЮСОВ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГУР МО УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 About it reports GUR of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine.
The occupying troops of the Russian Federation were unable to achieve any of the strategic goals that were set in the Kremlin before. The representative of the GUR of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine stated this in the air24 of the channel.
"Currently, Ukraine is sees the apogee of this campaign, called" A New Russian Guard. " However, it is worth reminding Ukraine and the world that we have been wearing in a full -scale invasion of February 24, 2022. It is an attempt to demoralize Ukrainian society, as well as demoralize our partners and allies, they say, there is such an armada, which is for them more to assist, ”Andrey Yusov said.
According to a representative of the military intelligence of Ukraine, within the framework of their so -called "big offensive" the Russians could not fulfill the task of Putin "take Donbas to the end of March."
"The regular terms and tasks that Putin set in front of the occupation building in Ukraine, in particular, before Valery Gerasimov after his appointment is responsible for the war in Ukraine," said a representative of GUR MUUUKRA.
He also added that the results of the "big offensive" can be seen on the battlefield - the number of liquidated invaders and military equipment has increased.
"This means that none of the voiced strategic goals of this shameful war, which the Russians call their, has not been achieved and will be achieved," - emphasized the Pandius Yusov.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/plan-putina-shhodo-donbasu-provalyvsya/ 
The Chief Air Force Sergeant of the Armed Forces has made a visit to the United States European Command Headquarters 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T96:00:00-04:00
Description: The head sergeant of the Golovniye forces of the Zbroyshaya Khustrian Maister-sergeant Kostyantin ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 339452123_1581190285727356_1394732922164779876_n.jpg ', ' 339417237_182521217467198_3728305491875515763_n-150x150.jpg ', ' 339420921_769307518097153_374632329605517639_n-150x150.jpg ']
Tags: ['СЕРЖАНТИ ЗСУ', 'США']
Category: News
 The chief sergeant of the Air Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, Chief Master-Stoastantin Stanislavchuk met with the highest leadership and communicated in the United States during a visit on March 21 to the headquarters of the US European Command in Stuttgart, Germany.
About it reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces.
In his speech, he expressed gratitude for the support that Ukraine receives and other partner countries.
He stated that the morale of Ukrainian servicemen was high and noted that their sustainability and vigilance help to be flexible on the fast -changing battle.
!(Images/AРМІЯINFORM/2023-04-01T96-00-00-04-00/339417237_182521217467198_3728305491875515763_n-150x150.jpg) 
 -The visit of the Chief Sergeant of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Chief Specialist Konstantin Stanislavchuk demonstrates and confirms the silica permanent partnership with the Armed Forces of Ukraine-noted in the headquarters of the US European Command.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/golovnyj-serzhant-povitryanyh-syl-zsu-zdijsnyv-vizyt-do-shtab-kvartyry-yevropejskogo-komanduvannya-ssha/ 
Coordinating Headquarters held an exit meeting in Kolomyia with families of prisoners and missing persons 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T97:00:00-04:00
Description: Zakhidniy Region Center of the Coordinatial Headquarters of the Pivanny ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, Ukraine with Ukraine will be either in 2022 No, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 44f9671e-c5aa-4ac4-a89e-cec8c4895172.jpg ', ' 9d3849a4-d855-4dc9-93be-a9d6abdc9d16.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 Western Regional Center for Coordinating Staff on the Harvesting of Closed(https://t.me/Koord_shtab/760)A visiting meeting of prisoners and missing military personnel in Kolomyia
Representatives of the coordination headquarters and military parts of a separate mountain and assault brigade "Edelweiss" answered the question.
 One of the issues that were interested in the family of defenders concerned official investigations and communication with military units.
The military unit and the staff representative reported that the communication is possible through the territorial centers(Former military enlistment offices). Для отримання витягів ізслужбового розслідування необхідно звернутись до РТЦК та СП та подативідповідний запит. Однак, військова частина може не надати деякі матеріали,які мають обмежений доступ.
Зокрема, під час зустрічі обговорили питання облікування військовослужбовців вреєстрі Національного інформаційного бюро. Представник Штабу наголосив, щовійськовослужбовець може обліковуватись, як «військово полонений» лише заумови офіційного підтвердження від країни-агресора через Міжнародний КомітетЧервоного Хреста. Однак, не зважаючи на це, всі Захисники без винятку впроцеси обміну , незалежно від способу обліку у єдиному реєстрі.
Координаційний Штаб не зупиняє роботу над поверненням усіх Оборонців додому.Наша ціль — повернути всіх!
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-ne-zupynyaye-robotu-nad-povernennyam-usih-vijskovopolonenyh-dodomu/ 
The National Police is investigating 69 572 crimes of military Russian in Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T98:00:00-04:00
Description: About the cube -item is National Politsіya Ukrainian. The core of the scourge of the invoice ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, there will be a war with Ukraine in 2022, whether it will be or not, will there be, whether it will be, whether it will be, whether there will be a war The war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 339274960_235920305644906_1624593285688478769_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВІЙСЬКОВІ ЗЛОЧИНИ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'НАЦПОЛІЦІЯ']
Category: News
About it reports National Police of Ukraine.
Since the beginning of the full -scale invasion of Russia in Ukraine, investigators of the National Police of Ukraine have launched 69 572 criminal proceedings on the facts of committing the territory of Ukraine of crimes by military personnel of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation and their accomplices.
 Of them: 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/naczpolicziya-rozsliduye-69-572-zlochyniv-vijskovyh-rf-v-ukrayini/ 
Short. War. Day 402. Videoodigest 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-01T99:00:00-04:00
Description: Jero: GS ZSU War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: []
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ']
Category: News
Source: gshzu 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/korotko-vijna-den-402-videodajdzhest/ 
Ukrainians in New York came to protest against Russia's presidency in the UN Council 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-02T-30:18:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-02T00:18:00+03:00
Description: The Ukrainian New York community staged a protest against the Russian presidency at the UN Security Council, which began on April 1. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... ", " 1680384387-90... ", " 1680384387-66... ", " 1680384387-86... "]
Tags: ['Нью-Йорк', 'Протест', 'росія', 'Радбез ООН']
Type: Article
 The Ukrainian New York community staged a protest against the Russian Chairman at the UN Security Council, which began on April 1.
About it reports its own correspondent of Ukrinform in New York.
Community representatives with Ukrainian flags and slogans gathered at the Time Square in the center of New York and moved to the UN headquarters.
 The participants of the action carried posters with the inscriptions "Stop Rashism", "Russia-the killer", "Ukrainians sacrifice their lives" and exclaimed: "Russia is a terrorist state!"
 According to Ukrinform Arthur Zgurov, one of the organizers of the action, it has a tent to draw public attention to several problems.
 "We oppose the preservation of a terrorist state in the UN Security Council, we are reminding of the anniversary of the tragedy in Bucha and protesting against the Do olympic Committee of the Russian and Belarussian athletes of the Dolimpod," he said.
Recall in the Radbeza Each of its members chairs within a month. Now Russia has replaced Mozambique, which performed this function. In May, Switzerland will preserve.
Read also: Foreign minister An evil joke.
As reported, March 28 To allow athletes from Russia Tabilorus to international competitions.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3690440-ukrainci-v-nujorku-vijsli-na-protest-proti-golovuvanna-rosii-u-radbezi-oon.html 
Ukrainians in New York came to protest against Russia's presidency in the UN Council 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-02T00:18:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-02T00:18:00+03:00
Description: The Ukrainian New York community staged a protest against the Russian presidency at the UN Security Council, which began on April 1. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... ", " 1680384387-90... ", " 1680384387-66... ", " 1680384387-86... "]
Tags: ['Нью-Йорк', 'Протест', 'росія', 'Радбез ООН']
Type: Article
 The Ukrainian New York was staged by a protest against the Russian presidency of Uradi UN Security, which began on April 1.
About it reports its own correspondent of Ukrinform in New York.
Community representatives with Ukrainian flags and slogans gathered at the Time Square in the center of New York and moved to the UN headquarters.
 The participants of the action carried posters with the inscriptions "Stop Rashism", "Russia-the killer", "Ukrainians sacrifice their lives" and exclaimed: "Russia is a terrorist state!"
 According to Ukrinform Arthur Zgurov, one of the organizers of the action, it has a tent to draw public attention to several problems.
 "We oppose the preservation of a terrorist state in the UN Security Council, we are reminding of the anniversary of the tragedy in Bucha and protesting against the Do olympic Committee of the Russian and Belarussian athletes of the Dolimpod," he said.
Recall in the Radbeza Each of its members chairs within a month. Now Russia has replaced Mozambique, which performed this function. In May, Switzerland will preserve.
Read also: Foreign minister An evil joke.
As reported, March 28 To allow athletes from Russia Tabilorus to international competitions.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3690440-ukrainci-v-nujorku-vijsli-na-protest-proti-golovuvanna-rosii-u-radbezi-oon.html 
The Cabinet of Ministers answered a petition with a call not to ban the UOC MP 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-02T00:49:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-02T00:49:00+03:00
Description: The Cabinet of Ministers instructed the State Service for Ethno -Policy and Freedom of Conscience to work out issues raised in a petition not to ban the UOC -MP, which gained more than 25,000 votes. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16787... "]
Tags: ['Кабмін', 'Петиція', 'УПЦ МП', 'Заборона']
Type: Article
 The Cabinet of Ministers entrusted the State Service for Ethnopolitics and Freedom of Conscience to work with a petition not for banning the UOC -MP, which has reached more than 25,000 votes.
According to Ukrinform, the relevant information is posted in on the government portal.
It is noted that electronic petition №41/004953-23-23ep "not ban the Ukrainian Orthodox Church" was posted on the official website of the Cabinet of Ministers 13. According to the latest data, it was supported by 25 488 citizens.
"Given that the issues raised in the petition are complex, the State Service for Ethno -Policy and Freedom of Conscience is instructed to work out their results and to inform the author of the petition and the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine," -he will be in response to the petition.
Its authors, in particular, state that the Constitution guarantees all citizens of Ukraine freedom of conscience and religion.
Read also: “Therefore, we, the believers , we urge during the development of relevant draft laws on behalf of the NSDC, to show the wisdom of reflecting and to resolve the church issue through dialogue, the search for the truth and the protection of constitutional rights and freedoms .
As reported, “On certain aspects of religious organizations in Ukraine and the use of personal special economic and other restrictive measures(sanctions)”.
Read also: The relevant decision of the NSDC instructed the Cabinet of Ministers to submit to the Verkhovna Rada a bill to prevent the activity of in Ukraine affiliated with centers of influence in the Russian Federation of religious organizations in accordance with the rules of international law in the field of freedom of conscience of Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690441-kabmin-dav-vidpovid-na-peticiu-iz-zaklikom-ne-zaboronati-upc-mp.html 
British farmers handed 22 cars to Ukrainian defenders 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-04-02T01:14:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-04-02T01:14:00+03:00
Description: Farmers from the United Kingdom brought 22 pickups to Lviv region, the cars were handed over to the soldiers 24 of King Danylo King. - Ukrinform.
Images: [" 630_360_16803... "]
Tags: ['Автомобіль', 'Британія', 'Львівщина', 'Козицький ']
Type: Article
 Farmers of Zelya Britain brought 22 pickups to Lviv region, cars were handed over to soldiers of King Danylo 24th.
This was reported in Maxim Kozytsky, the head of the Lviv Regional Military Administration, reports.
“This is the second batch of cars that our defenders from the British Scottish farmers within the framework of the Pickup for Peace. In their plans to provide 24 OMBs named after King Daniel hundred of cars, ” - said Kozozytsky.
Read also: According to him, in addition to cars, the British brought generators and humanities aid for IDPs and residents of the frontline.
As it was reported, Poland has handed over the next batch of cars, Tadron generators for Ukraine's defenders, in total, the amount of assistance provided is already over € 3 million.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690279-britanski-fermeri-peredali-22-avtivki-ukrainskim-zahisnikam.html 
In Kharkiv, Support Support Supports cleared 145 hectares of agricultural land 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-02T98:00:00-04:00
Description: About the General Headquarters of the ZS Ukrainian. INSENER-SAMENTS PIDRODROLS ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia, and when, there will be a war with Ukraine in 2022, whether it will be, will it be The war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 4.jpg ', ' 338283292_899316818011731_1709447214957619959_n.jpg ', ' 338594153_108499712206764_3862288127389226495_n-150x150.jpg ', ' 339428951_213765661340315_2825176506893096352_n-150x150.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'РОЗМІНУВАННЯ', 'СУХОПУТНІ ВІЙСЬКА ЗС УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 About it reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
Engineering-and-Support units of the Command of Support forces of Armed Forces to date have been performed a considerable amount of work on cleaning the liberated terminatories from explosive objects(GNP).
 Thus, in the Kharkiv region, 145 hazards, 21.33 ha of forest areas, almost 171 km of line -electric programs, 40 km of gas pipelines, 192 km of roads, 239 000 sq.mq. different buildings. 6 044 GNP was disposed of and destroyed.
The sappers of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces also operate in the territory of the communities of Kherson region, which are redeemed from occupation. More than 1189 casage land was cleared from GNP, almost 78 square meters of buildings, 5 facilities were checked. 4 095 GNP was damaged and destroyed.
!(Images/AРМІЯINFORM/2023-04-02T98-00-00-04-00/338594153_108499712206764_3862288127389226495_n-150x150.jpg) 
 More than 20 demining groups are involved in the tasks, and the calculation of the remote-marked Bozena-5 demining system will also work.
The sappers work day and night, under all weather conditions, which is closer to the nourishment!
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/sapery-syl-pidtrymky-zsu-ochyshhayut-zemli-vid-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/ 
Europol identified 150 suspects of military crimes in Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-04-02T99:00:00-04:00
Description: About the Controlle -Service of the Callian Rosewoods of Ukraine at their own company Storinzi in ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 4f7bc74c-4f13-4286-b46f-93224a2cd50b.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
About it reports Ukraine's external intelligence service on its official Facebook page.
Europol analyzed 7,000 photos and video fragments and reflect 150 suspects in the commission of war crimes during the war in Ukraine. This was reported by the Executive Director of Europol Catherine Bollee during the United For Justice Conference in Bucha, dedicated to the anniversary of the city from Russian invaders.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/yevropol-proanalizuvav-7-tysyach-foto-ta-video-ta-znajshov-150-pidozryuvanyhrf-prychasnyh-u-voyennyh-zlochynah-v-ukrayini/ 
