乌俄战争新闻
Ukrainian-Russian War News
2023-07-04
 
English 
Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina DirecTion Rusian Army Shelled Karpovichi, Khrinivka, Kamya ... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-03T-41:00:00
Location: Kharkiv Oblast (Latitude:50.33407 Longtitude:36.9314)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22573278
Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Karpovychi,Khrinivka, Kamyanska Sloboda of Chernihiv region; Sopych, Sokhany, Bilopillyaand Ponomarenky of Sumy region and Kozacha Lopan and Vovchansk of Kharkivregion. Russian aviation conducted airstrikes at Pletenivka of Kharkiv region,- General Staff of Armed Forces of Ukraine says in the morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/3-july-sivershchyna-and-slobozhanschyna-directions-russian 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5255 
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Verkhnokamy... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-03T-43:00:00
Location: Bilohorivka (Latitude:48.91641 Longtitude:38.24736)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22573276
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk regionand Verkhnokamyanske and Torske of Donetsk region. Russian aviation conductedairstrikes at Bilohorivka and Novolubivka of Luhansk region and Dibrova andSiversk of Donetsk region, - General Staff of Armed Forces of Ukraine says inthe morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/3-july-at-lyman-direction-russian-army-shelled-nevske-bilohorivka 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5257 
Aus Bakhmut Directive Russian Army Sheled Vasyukivka, Og Ale And Ivanivsk of Donetsk Region ... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-03T-45:00:00
Location: Bakhmut (Latitude:48.57195 Longtitude:37.93098)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22573275
At Bakhmut direction Russian army shelled Vasukivka, Chasiv Yar and Ivanivskeof Donetsk region, - General Staff of Armed Forces of Ukraine says in themorning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/3-july-at-bakhmut-direction-russian-army-shelled-vasukivka 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5258 
At Avdiyivka direction Russian army shelled Avdiyivka and Pervomayske and Berdychi of Donetsk... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-03T-47:00:00
Location: Donetsk Oblast (Latitude:48.19184 Longtitude:37.64946)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22573274
At Avdiyivka direction Russian army shelled Avdiyivka and Pervomayske andBerdychi of Donetsk region. Russian aviation conducted airstrike at Avdiyivka,- General Staff of Armed Forces of Ukraine says in the morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/3-july-at-avdiyivka-direction-russian-army-shelled-avdiyivka 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5259 
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Maryinka, Pobyeda and Novomykhaylivka of Donetsk r... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-03T-49:00:00
Location: Maryinka, Donetsk region (Latitude:48.1386 Longtitude:36.93569)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22573273
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Maryinka, Pobyeda andNovomykhaylivka of Donetsk region. Russian aviation conducted airstrikes atKotlyarivka, Maryinka and Kurakhove, - General Staff of Armed Forces ofUkraine says in the morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/3-july-at-maryinka-direction-russian-army-shelled-maryinka 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5260 
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Golden Niva, Greater Novosilka, Water Andes Coal ... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-03T-51:00:00
Location: Velyka Novosilka (Latitude:47.7969 Longtitude:36.81398)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22573272
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Zolota Nyva, Velyka Novosilka,Vodyane and Vuhledar of Donetsk region. Russian aviation conducted airstrikesat Vuhledar, Bohoyavlenka and Blahodatne, - General Staff of Armed Forces ofUkraine says in the morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/3-july-at-shakhtarske-direction-russian-army-shelled-zolota 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5261 
1 person killed as result of Russian drone attack in Sumy 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-03T06:43:39
Location: Sumy, Sums'ka oblast (Latitude:50.90187 Longtitude:34.79125)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: []
Id: 22573292
None
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/3-july-1-person-killed-as-result-of-russian-drone-attack 
News Source: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/3-july-1-person-killed-as-result-of-russian-drone-attack 
There even the commander refuses to execute orders - Gur intercepting 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-03T10:00:00-04:00
Description: The squad of the Mobilizovnaya VIISKOVOKOVOSKOVA ROZPOVIDA ROPENIS IN THE PITRODILS ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine will be in 2022 Or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 337531944_232614265847457_8544501692430122370_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГУР ПЕРЕХОПЛЕННЯ']
Category: News
 The wife of a mobilized serviceman tells about significant losses in the units of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation and unwillingness to participate in hostilities in the territory of Ukraine and the refusal of some commanders to execute orders for the sake of conservation of lives.
About it reports Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
The worst situation in the former regiment of 1231, they were annexed to the DNR. He says it is difficult there. Even this commander refuses to obey orders, he goes in interception.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/tam-navit-czej-komandyr-vidmovlyayetsya-vykonuvaty-nakazy-gur-perehoplennya/ 
Minireintegration has published advice on how to protect yourself in case of high levels of radiation 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-03T12:00:00-04:00
Description: Minіtystvosty Zwan Reintegraita Timchasovo Okubovanniki Ukrainian Ukrainian Propona ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last ones today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' ck-rad.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'МІНРЕІНТЕГРАЦІЇ']
Category: News
 Photo illustrative
Ministry of Reintegration of Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine Offers We are several effective and at the same time simple, how to protect against radiation.
If the radioactive contamination message caught you on the street: 
If the radioactive contamination message caught you at home: 
Reference. Be sure to follow reports from the rescuers of the SES, police, local authorities. Follow their targeting instructions unconditionally.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/minreintegracziyi-opublikuvalo-porady-yak-zahystyty-sebe-u-vypadku-pidvyshhenogo-rivnya-radiacziyi/ 
Our art struck the enemy management point and the personnel concentration area 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-03T14:00:00-04:00
Description: About the General Headquarters of the ZS Ukrainian. - AvIACII of defense forces for Persona Dob ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not , Will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' raketni-vijska-ta-artyleriya-nazemnyh-ugrupovan-vijsk.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'ГШ ЗСУ', 'ОБОРОНА УКРАЇНИ', 'ХРОНІКА ОБОРОНИ УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 Photo illustrative
🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
About it reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/nasha-arta-vrazyla-vorozhyj-punkt-upravlinnya-ta-rajon-zoseredzhennya-osobovogo-skladu/ 
More than 230 thousand invaders have been destroyed by Ukrainian defenders since the beginning of large -scale aggression of the Russian Federation 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-03T16:00:00-04:00
Description: Zagalni Boyov, Find the enemy on 03.24.22 to 03/03/23 Orintovo to become: ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war, war With Ukraine in 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 4538968e-36ae-4fb5-a034-db8cf4dacc41-scaled.jpg ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ВТРАТИ ВОРОГА', 'ГШ ЗСУ']
Category: News
 The total fighting loss of the enemy from 24.02.22 to 03.07.23 will be orientated:
Personnel - * 230260(+600)persons eliminated tanks - 4057(+5) combat armored vehicles - 7899(+11) Artillery systems - 4220(+32) RSZV - 641(+4) air defense means - 391(+1) aircraft - 315(0) helicopters - * 309(+1) UAV Operative Tactical Level- 3573(+16) Winged missiles - 1264(+3) ships / boats - * 18(0) Automobile equipment and tanks - 6834(+18) Special equipment - 590(+7)The data is specified ...
Beat the occupier!Let's win together!Our power is in truth!
Source: General Staff of Armed Forces As of 03.07.23.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/ponad-230-tysyach-okupantiv-znyshhyly-ukrayinski-zahysnyky-z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi-rf/ 
3 winged missiles and 8 shock UAVs of Russians were destroyed by the air defense forces 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-03T18:00:00-04:00
Description: Yak to bending at the General Staff, the Snogodni Vnochi Federalsya Znov ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' photo_5266962719603542767_y.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ', 'ХРОНІКА ОБОРОНИ']
Category: News
 🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
As indicated In the Construction of the General Staff, the Russian Federation has re -fuel the rockets and Iranian shock UAVs of the ShahED in Ukraine tonight. Information about the consequences is currently being clarified.
In addition, the enemy made 57 aviation strikes and made about 60 shelling of rocket launchers on the positions of our troops and inhabited pens. Unfortunately, in addition to the destroyed civilian infrastructure, IMIn people were injured.
The likelihood of rocket and aviation strikes throughout Ukraine is high.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/sylamy-ppo-znyshheno-3-krylati-rakety-ta-8-udarnyh-bpla-rosiyan/ 
The Ukrainian Bakhmut flag will be lifted in Vilnius at NATO summit 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-03T4:00:00-04:00
Description: At the Ustilug Passage Passage Participation Marathon “I PIDNIMA PRPORPOR OF Ukrainian in NATO” ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, when, when, when, when, when The war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' news_20230702_095452_16882808921-1.jpg ', ' news_20230702_095453_16882808932-150x150.jpg ', ' news_20230702_095455_16882808954-150x150.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 At the checkpoint "Ustilug" the participants of the marathon "I raise the flag for Ukraine" were handed over to the Lithuanian athletes by a Ukrainian flag, which was previously held from the military from Bakhmut.
-On the Ukrainian-Polish border, the border guards met the participants of the subtramarane, which on June 25 started in Kiev. Athletes overcame the route with Ukraine, which received from the Ukrainian soldiers from Bakhmut. In particular, the route ran across the Kyiv region, Zhytomyr, Rivne and Volyn, - the message said.
According to the State Tax Service, a team of Ukrainian runners passed to friends from Lithuania near the checkpoint "Ustilug". They will deliver the Ukrainian flag to Vilnius, where they plan to raise it to the NATO Summit, which should take place on July 11.
!(Images/AРМІЯINFORM/2023-07-03T4-00-00-04-00/news_20230702_095453_16882808932-150x150.jpg) 
 -This action we want to draw the attention of the world community to the war in Ukraine and to bring it to the 33rd member of the North Atlantic Alliance NATO. In Lithuania, people will hang Ukrainian flags on houses, balconies, bridges, when the NATO summit will take place for all delegations. On all roads where they will go, - says the organizer of the Daminicas Kubilius.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/ukrayinskyj-prapor-z-bahmuta-pidnimut-u-vilnyusi-na-samiti-nato/ 
That will forever enter the history of the Navy of the Armed Forces 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-03T51:00:00-04:00
Description: PID Hour Spirkavannya with ArmyanForm commanders, commander of the Mordic forces ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 003ddf5b-353e-4235-b044-b70bfba64a16-scaled.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВМС', 'ВОЄННА ІСТОРІЯ УКРАЇНИ', 'ДЕНЬ ВМС ЗСУ', 'ОЛЕКСІЙ НЕЇЖПАПА']
Category: News
 While communicating with correspondents, the Armyonform Commander of the Naval Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Alexei Zhpapa said that, in his thought, he would forever enter the history of the Ukrainian Navy.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/shho-nazavzhdy-uvijde-do-istoriyi-vms-zsu/ 
Residents of three regions can master new specialties for free 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-03T53:00:00-04:00
Description: Supratil VID VIIN GROMARYANIS KIIVSKO, Chernigiv -Soko Tow -Soko are able to ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' minreintegracziyi-zastavka.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'МІНРЕІНТЕГРАЦІЇ']
Category: News
 Citizens from Kyiv, Chernihiv and Poltava Oblasts can take part in the project of retraining from international organization in migration from the war.(My).
Про це йдеться in a report on the official site of the Ministry of Reintegration of temporarily occupied territories.
The project provides an opportunity for 300 inhabitants of these regions, including internally displaced persons and persons who have returned to the community, to undergo training and master the following new specialties:
seamstress; * confectioner; * accountant; * software tester; * truck driver; * hairdresser; * manicurist and others.
People who will be trained will receive equipment and tools needed to work on a specialty. In addition, social and communicatives are being mastered, which will help them during employment or starting their own right,-the message reads.
The said project “Human Security Decision in Ukraine” is implemented by the Ministry of Internal Affairs on January 31 to October 30, 2023 and is funded by the Government of Japan.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/meshkanczi-troh-regioniv-mozhut-bezoplatno-opanuvaty-novi-speczialnosti/ 
The legal and social bases of formation of motivation for the protection of the Motherland were discussed on a round table in Kiev 
Author: ['Володимир Поліщук']
Time: 2023-07-03T55:00:00-04:00
Description: The Kiwi Vidni Krugliy Stil “Rightovy Tu Social Infinition of the Formannoon Motivas ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' golovne-foto-2-scaled.jpg ', ' 1-2-scaled.jpg ', ' 2-1-scaled.jpg ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'СОЦІАЛЬНИЙ ЗАХИСТ ВІЙСЬКОВОСЛУЖБОВЦІВ', 'СОЦІАЛЬНИЙ ЗАХИСТ ПІД ЧАС ВІЙНИ', 'ЦЕНТР ПРАВОВОГО ТА\xa0СОЦІАЛЬНОГО ЗАХИСТУ ГРОМАДЯН УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 Round table "Legal and Social Fundamentals of Formation of Motivation to Protect Motherland"
In Kiev there was a round table "Legal and social foundations of formation of motivation for protection of the Motherland". It was initiated by the public organization "Center for Legal and Social Protection of Citizens of Ukraine".
People's deputies of Ukraine, leading lawyers and experts on social protection of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine and the Armed Forces, the Ministry of Internal Affairs, Ministry of Veterans, teachers of the Department of Legal Support of the Humanitarian Institute of the National University of Defense of Ukraine, participants of the public and representatives of the Russian-Ukrainian-Ukrainian people were invited to participate in the roundtable.
The participants of the discussion discussed a lot of problematic issues regarding the implementation of Ukraine, which came to the surface in connection with the introduction of martial law.
In particular, the state of enforcement of the provisions of the laws on the implementation of citizens involved in the country's armed protection was analyzed for a decent isment and reimbursement by the state.
 The chairman of the Center for Legal and Social Protection of Citizens of Ukraine Sergey Lysenko
Head of NGO "Center for Legal and Social Protection of Citizens of Ukraine", Candidately Factory, Associate Professor, Retirement Colonel Sergey Lysenko reported the Armyinform correspondent that special attention was paid protection.
 The imperative of the formation of positive motivation, the participants of the round table, in addition to patriotism and public respect, called decent financial support during the service and after retirement, which should fully compensate for the military service, the risk to life and health, to guarantee their health and health. psychological expenditures and ensure proper maintenance of families.
It was also about eliminating the dissatisfaction of servicemen with residential, medical and material support and efficiency of functioning of the adaptation of military personnel dismissed or resignation. In such conditions, it is necessary to review the legislative framework, first of all, its ability to attend directly in the field of social protection of servicemen and members of their families.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/pravovi-j-soczialni-osnovy-formuvannya-motyvacziyi-do-zahystu-batkivshhyny-obgovoryly-na-kruglomu-stoli-v-kyyevi/ 
During the day, 39 combat clashes took place in 4 directions. Ukrainian defenders repelled all enemy attacks 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-03T57:00:00-04:00
Description: Opponent Zoseredzhu, Zusillya at the Limansky, Bakhmutsky, Avdіvsky ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' tank-strilyaye.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГЕНЕРАЛЬНИЙ ШТАБ ЗС УКРАЇНИ', 'ГШ ЗСУ', 'ЗВЕДЕННЯ ГШ ЗСУ', 'РАНКОВЕ ЗВЕДЕННЯ']
Category: News
 🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
The enemy concentrates major efforts on Liman, Bakhmut, Avdi and Mariinsky directions, and heavy fights are ongoing. More than 39 combat clashes were acquired during.
About it reports in its morning summary the General Staff of Armed Forces of Ukraine.
In these areas, the enemy performed unsuccessful offensive actions - our organizations repelled all his attacks.
In Zaporizhzhya and Kherson directions, the enemy concentrates the basic efforts of nationing our troops. He struck aviation in districts, Kherson and Antonovka.
In the Siversky and Slobozhansky directions, the enemy retains military adventure.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/protyagom-doby-na-4-napryamkah-vidbulosya-39-bojovyh-zitknen-ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-vsi-ataky-voroga/ 
Anna Malyar: Last week Ukraine managed to release over 37 square kilometers of territory 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-03T59:00:00-04:00
Description: For Past Mastyls of Tizhenya, the 37 squares of the Kilometer, the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine today, the war with Ukraine 2022, will be the latest war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' nastup.jpg ']
Tags: ['ГАННА МАЛЯР', 'ЗВІЛЬНЕНІ ТЕРИТОРІЇ', 'ПІВДЕНЬ УКРАЇНИ', 'СИТУАЦІЯ НА ФРОНТІ', 'СХІД УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 Last week, Ukraine managed to win over 37 square kilometer. km. The half -day direction of the Armed Forces servicemen managed to increase the liberty by 28.4 square meters. km . Generally liberated area in the south is 158.4 square kilometers. 
About it reported Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Anna Malyar.
“In the East, both offensive and defensive actions continue. We are moving the Nabakhmut direction, and the enemy continues the offensive on Lyman, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions. The enemy tries to displace our Ourian out of positions, but gets a decent repel. Weighing fights are ongoing now, ”Anna Malyar said.
"In the south, the forces of Ukraine continue to conduct an offensive operation of the tare and Berdyansk directions, namely: the offensive actions of Nanapryamki Novodarivka, Priutne, Novodanilovka, Robne, Novosilka, Staromayorsk," - said the Deputy Head of Ukrainian Defense.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/ganna-malyar-za-mynulyj-tyzhden-ukrayini-vdalosya-zvilnyty-ponad-37-kvadratnyh-kilometriv-terytoriyi/ 
Military Crimes of Russia: More than 96 thousand cases have been recorded 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-03T69:00:00-04:00
Description: OFIC General Prosecutor of Ukrainian, about the documentary of the cries, out of ... war with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 1-3.jpg ', ' 2-2.jpg ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВОЄННІ ЗЛОЧИНИ РФ', 'ОФІС ГЕНЕРАЛЬНОГО ПРОКУРОРА УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine reports Crimes committed during the period of large -scale aggression of Russian federation against Ukraine.
As of July 3, it is registered:
In addition, according to the official data of juvenile prosecutors, 1530 children were affected by the aggression of the Russian Federation, including:
The department emphasizes that these figures are not final, since work continues in their installation in places of active fighting, in temporarily occupied tangible territories.
 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/voyenni-zlochyny-rosiyi-zafiksovano-ponad-96-tysyach-vypadkiv/ 
Ukrainian "gods of war" turned into scrap field composition from BC Russians 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-03T6:00:00-04:00
Description: Commander of the Ground VIISK ZSU General Colonel Oleksandr Sirskoy, publishing Video, ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: []
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
The Commander of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces Colonel-General Alexander Syrsky published A video showing how our warriors are fired by the ammunition of the Russians.
-Artillery of the 77th Separate Airmobile Brigade destroys the field warehouse from Bokrosian. The berry, Bakhmut direction. Great work, - he said.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/ukrayinski-bogy-vijny-peretvoryly-v-bruht-polovyj-sklad-z-bk-rosiyan/ 
Fabris Potier: The Summit in Wales was the first to consider its main mission in Europe 
Author: ['Єгор Брайлян']
Time: 2023-07-03T86:00:00-04:00
Description: The Pivnish -Autlantic Alliance Prishov Pevna Evolutsia in the Rosuminni, ShO Take Defense, ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 1-2-1-scaled.jpg ', ' 2-2-1.jpg ', ' 3-1-1.jpg ', ' 4-3-scaled.jpg ', ' 5-3-scaled.jpg ', ' 6-1-1.jpg ', ' image_-26_15-38-03-2.jpg ']
Tags: ['UARENATO', 'ВЕЛИКА БРИТАНІЯ', 'КАНАДА', 'НАТО', 'НІМЕЧЧИНА', 'УКРАЇНА – НАТО']
Category: News
 The North Atlantic Alliance has undergone a certain evolution in the understanding of what is a defense, restraint, and how to respond to security challenges. The beginning of the Russian aggression against Ukraine in 2014 from the occupation of Crimea and the beginning of hostilities, Nadonbass led to conceptual changes in NATO.
More about NATO changing its approaches to security, said a tribal interview for the ArmyInform CEO of Rasmussen Globalfabris Potier, who previously formed the Alliance Development Strategy. The first part of the NATO summit in Wales 2014 and whether 2 %of GDP costs are enough.
*!Saint-Kanen-Ivelin, Versel University of Versel University and Metropolitenlondon University. In 2007-2010 he was the founding director Carnegie Europe. In 2010-2016-the head of the NATO Secretary General Planning Office. Since 2016 - CEO of Rasmussen Global.__
- What do you think about NATO transformations during Russian large -scale coordination of Russia to Ukraine? How did the war change alliance? 
- I think there were two speakers. First, when NATO for the first time in the latest history began to revise their concept of nuclear restraint. This was really a reversible moment. When I joined NATO in 2010, there was an analysis of defense and nuclear restraint, but very few people were ready to talk about nuclear restraint as such.
 NATO leaders at Chicago Summit 2012
In 2014, there was a moment when NATO had to rethink these terms to re -reinstall them. So, I think, in the conceptual, intellectual development, it was the discovery of the concept of nuclear restraint. NATO had to defile its position in the European territory against what it has argued as a greater threat to Russia.
And the second dynamics is that, apparently, a much minority was carried out, which were needed to restrain Putin. As we are unfortunately the field in 2022, eight years he made it again ( _ stopped on Ukraine. —The ed.)_.
And that means that in some way NATO's restraint and defense measures have been partially seized. Yes, the Alliance managed to protect its territory, but the plans of holding were failed, including sanctions that did not change the behavior of theuputin. Therefore, I think it was an important lesson in 2014. - If you look at the strategic concept of 2010 , it was a truly attempt to find a balance between three main tasks. Namely collective defense, foreign missions and new security threats. But very quickly, since 2014, the concept of 2010 was crossed out by the first Russian aggression against Ukraine.
 And I started editing a strategic concept. You know when a Word is viewed to see what can be changed, which is completely complete. And how NATO characterized relations with Russia, obviously, it was more strategic partnership.
I think that the balance between the above three main tasks was also impossible.
The main task was the collective defense of the Alliance. And then we began to combine other activities around the defense, including new threats.
- Why NATO Wales Summit in 2014 became historical? 
- I think it was the first point when NATO returned to Europe both as a waoperative and philosophical sense. It was the first summit to which it was considering its main mission in Europe. The value of the latter was not the main among the priorities of the Alliance.
 And I remember the meeting in the North Atlantic Council (NATO's main political organ. - Ed.) , on which we discussed how to build a territorial defense and what weapons need to have. But then new gaps emerged strategic planning, such as mobility.
NATO had a new brilliant solution after Wales _ --__ a plan of readiness. The Equati argued that more than 40,000 NATO forces would be almost constantly being deployed on the eastern flank. But for a short time, they had to be deposited with additional alliance forces.
We have realized that there were no legal arrangements to quickly overwhelm NATO forces.
Part, if you want, rethink an alliance called "Readiness Action Plan", agreed at the Summit in Newport(Wales)In the United Kingdom, which became a truly molding summit. Because at that time, NATO allies discussed the teaching of foreign forces about Afghanistan. Instead, the Alliance did not speak prokelive defense and nuclear restraint in the European territory.
The summit in Wales was the first of a series of summits, where the topics of discussion are collective defense, nuclear restraint and Russia. And the trend persists. - Yes, it was a heavy battle. I prepared the initial Atlantic Declaration. The intervals were difficult, especially with Canada and Germany. The then Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper, was a fiscal hawk, which was compounded for money for 2 % of GDP for defense. And then many other countries hid the borrowing of Canada and Germany, because it was convenient.
As a result, we received a text with a typical diplomatic language where there were many of the magnitude.
However, we can call it success. Why? Because for the first time, such a requirement was presented for approval to the heads of state.
 The main results of the NATO summit in Wales/ Army Infographic
And that was my initial idea when Anders Fog Rasmussen (NATO Secretary General U2009-2014. - Ed.) announced her. In fact, 2 % of the cost of defending in the past, and even 3 % during the Cold War.
- What is the result of this obligation now? 
- first, there are two people who have forced to increase NATO's costs for defense _ --_ Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump. In a crazy way but trigger became(aggressive)Putin's actions against Ukraine. Therefore, many European countries have acknowledged that they need to increase defense and ability.
And then Donald Trump (In 2016. - Ed.) was elected President of the United States. He began to distort the idea that the US obligation to NATO - is the investment in defense. And it caused another shock in the Alliance.
NATO countries are still not achieving the goal, so now we can only talk about the seven units that have 2 %. I think there are ten countries that are close to this purpose or reach it by 2024.
When you look at the overall situation, you can give the argument a projection already 3 %. And I know that on the eve of the Vilnius Summit in NATO there were disclosures to have a target of 2.5 % as new 2 %.
 This is a discussion to have 2 % not as a maximum but a minimum. NATO has the opportunity to go beyond the boundaries of 2 %. But the Alliance countries do not yet have the necessary expenses. And this is evidence that Europeans have not yet set defense on the first plane of their priorities, knowing the world we live in.
Intervi is recorded within_uarenato - Author's Army _inform , Missions of Ukraine at NATO and NATO Information and Documentation in Ukraine on the History and Modern Relations between Ukraine and_ ___ North Atlantic
Foto Olga Mossondz, Victor Dehtyar Yegor Brylian Armyinform correspondent
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/fabris-potye-samit-v-uelsi-buv-pershym-de-nato-rozglyadalo-svoyu-osnovnu-misiyu-v-yevropi/ 
Latvia continued temporary protection for Ukrainians 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-03T8:00:00-04:00
Description: The Latvia was gone to the Timchasovy Zakhist Ukrainians to Kinzi 2023 Rock. Vidpovіdnu Initivativ ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 20230702_092240.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ДОПОМОГА ПАРТНЕРІВ', 'ЛАТВІЯ', 'СВІТ ПІДТРИМУЄ УКРАЇНУ']
Category: News
 Latvia continued the temporary protection of Ukrainians by the end of 2023. The Government of the country approved the relevant to the relevant on June 1, 2023.
About this it is referred in the report of the Ministry on the reintegration of the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine.
Earlier, such a program was available until June 30, 2023, but currently continued to protect until the end of 2023.
Thus, during the first 120 days of their stay in the country, Ukrainians will be provided with free accommodation and food regardless of their financial capacity.
After a 120-day period, only individual Ukrainians will be entitled to free housing, namely:
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/latviya-prodovzhyla-tymchasovyj-zahyst-dlya-ukrayinskyh-shukachiv-prytulku/ 
At the Taras Sich Field Kitchen Festival, Vinnitsa residents collected over 100 thousand hryvnias for the Armed Forces 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-03T90:00:00-04:00
Description: Already in vivosm at Vіnnitsi, the festival of the Polovo Khuatini Pam'yati Tarasa Sich - Mixovye ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 are the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war, war With Ukraine in 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' sp_02411-scaled-1-scaled.jpg ', ' sp_02197-scaled-1-scaled.jpg ', ' sp_02241-scaled-1-scaled.jpg ']
Tags: ['ДОПОМОГА ЗСУ']
Category: News
 Already in Vinnitsa there was a festival of field kitchen in memory of Taras Sich - a local warrior, who died near Debaltsev in 2015. This time, the assault event managed to raise more than 100 thousand hryvnias. Traditionally, they will go to support the Vinnytsia military. The organizers plan to buy a car and a generator for one of the units.
 The rules and traditions of the event remained unchanged. In order to happen to the dishes prepared on an open fire, you need to make a charity contribution to the Armed Forces. This time the amount of Donat was permanent - 200 UAH.
 According to the organizers, among the visitors was especially popular soup recipe, prepared by displaced persons from Mariupol, and Azerbaijani pilaf.
Anastasia Olekhnovich prepared
Photo from open springs
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/na-festyvali-polovoyi-kuhni-pamyati-tarasa-sycha-vinnychany-zibraly-ponad-100-tysyach-gryven-dlya-zsu/ 
The reception of questionnaires to the reserve of state bodies for work in deoocular territories has been started 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-03T92:00:00-04:00
Description: Minreintegrazi іnforms about the earnings of the Priymann of questionnaires to the prazivnik reservation of sovereign ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 09.png ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'МІНРЕІНТЕГРАЦІЇ']
Category: News
 The Ministry of Reintegration informs about the start of the reception of questionnaires to the reserve of state -owned bodies for work in the territories of Ukraine.
Notification about it placed On the website of the department. It indicates a tank:
“To the attention of persons who want to work in public service and restore Ukraine!The Cabinet of Ministers initiated an experimental project, called to help state bodies in the de -economic territories to attract motivated and professional workers in their teams. Eminerintegration and National Civil Service Agency(Overnight).
Службовці, які працюють у державних органах на звільнених територіях, маютьзмогу своєю щоденною роботою будувати нове майбутнє для всієї країни. Церобота з високим рівнем особистої участі та відповідальності за ухваленірішення, що впливають на життя людей.
Отож, якщо ви: розумієте важливість відновлення деокупованих територій, маєтенеобхідну кваліфікацію, хочете спробувати свої сили на державній службі йусвідомлюєте рівень відповідальності цієї роботи — не зволікайте, долучайтесядо резерву!
Для цього перейдіть за посиланням , register in the system and fill in the questionnaire. "
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/rozpochato-pryjom-anket-do-rezervu-praczivnykiv-derzhavnyh-organiv-dlya-roboty-na-deokupovanyh-terytoriyah/ 
Power develops an algorithm of action in the event of evacuation of the population from the territories near the ZEP 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-03T94:00:00-04:00
Description: PID Medicanes Vicepremere'yr-Ministra Irini Vereshchuk Vidbulo Zadydann Koordinaniye ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for Ukraine and Russia, and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 1589270100-1749.jpg ']
Tags: ['ЗАЕС', 'ІРИНА ВЕРЕЩУК', 'МІНРЕІНТЕГРАЦІЇ']
Category: News
 Under the chairmanship of Viceremier Irina Vereshchuk, a meeting of the Coordination Headquarters was held on compulsory evacuation of the population of the martial law.
It was attended by representatives of regional military administrations, JSC "Ukrzaliznytsia" and others.
The participants discussed the plan of actions of the central and local executive bodies of the accident at the Zaporizhzhia NPP.
They emphasized the evacuation of civilians to safer regions. First of all - on the evacuation of children, the elderly Tamalomos.
Representatives of the Ova reported on preparation for evacuation of civilian regulation. At the same time, representatives of the host communities reported on the readiness of the evacuated reception.
In particular, Viceremierk instructed JSC Ukrzaliznytsia and regional military administrations to identify the most optimal routes for evacuation.
“We are in the war. Therefore, we must be ready for any development. Our actions are clear and coordinated, ”Irina Vereshchuk emphasized.
Source: Minrointegration 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/vlada-rozroblyaye-algorytm-dij-u-razi-evakuacziyi-naselennya-iz-terytorij-poblyzu-zaes/ 
Didier Reinders: Ratification of the Roman Statute by Ukraine will help in condemning crimes of Russians 
Author: ['Єгор Брайлян']
Time: 2023-07-03T95:00:00-04:00
Description: Syogodnі in the Gaazi Bulo is shifted about the deputy -people's deputy -people's barrel for ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 1-3-1.jpg ', ' 2-3.jpg ', ' 3-2.jpg ', ' 4-4.jpg ', ' 5-4.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВОЄННІ ЗЛОЧИНИ РФ', 'ГААГА', 'ЄВРОСОЮЗ', 'НІДЕРЛАНДИ', 'ОФІС ГЕНЕРАЛЬНОГО ПРОКУРОРА', 'ХАРКІВСЬКИЙ ТРИБУНАЛ']
Category: News
 Today, the Hague has announced the creation of an International Center for Investigation for Crime Agression against Ukraine. In general, the issue of bringing the reference of Russian military criminals is among the main priorities of Ukraine and foreign partners. Therefore, it is important to understand the legal mechanisms of the process.
The correspondent of the Armyinform, while in Brussels as part of the EU's response in Ukraine, recorded an exclusive interview with the European Commissariatration Didier Rainerders about the Roman Statute and Ukraine and how it is possible to condemn Russian military criminals.
- Why is the ratification of the Roman Statute by Ukraine is crucial for investigating Russian military crimes? **
And this is very important for all participants in the process. This is the first reason for such a reclamation country as Ukraine, as a candidate country for entrance to the EU, very importantly participate.
I repeat all the time that the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine has come time to ratify the Roman Statute (Ukraine has signed in 2000, but not yet ratified. - Avt.) .
The second reason why it is important to do because if you ask to apply_(against Russia. - Ed.)_ International rules, you also need to eat with them in Ukraine. I know that military crimes in Ukraine have been committed by the Russians.
 The world map showing the status of the Roman Statute
I cited an example when they send the UN peacekeeping mission to another country and is shaking war. And then it is worth making sure that persons who committed war crimes, for example, will be punished against women and children.
Because if the country is involved in the international process, international jurisdiction, it is easier to come to court with more and more countries that we need to support Ukraine. In this way, a tribunal will be created on the crime of aggression.
Therefore, the ratification of the Roman Statute by Ukraine will, of course, help organize investigation, persecution and condemnation of Russians responsible for these crimes.- Starting from February 24, 2022, Euras (The European Union Agency for Criminal Justice Salvation. - Avt.) tried to create a duplicate mechanism based on existing tools. Eurosta plays the role of intermediary between prosecutors of different countries. So two things were done.
You know that because of Russian aggression in Ukraine it was difficult to obtain digital division. So, we changed the position in euro. Now Euras has created the Basudans to collect all evidence and exchange them between prosecutors of different EU Member States, the International Criminal Court in Ukraine-everywhere. This is the first step.
Read also:
As the International Criminal Court arrests Putin The next is the organization of skillful coordination of actions. So, we have a joint investigation, that is, a specific team with prosecutors of the EU Member States, Ukraine, the International Criminal Court. There is a good cooperation with our American colleagues for data exchange, investigation and judicial reversal of war crimes. A joint investigative group - the third part - will now be the International Center for Pursuing Crime Aggression against Ukraine.
 It is not only about war crimes, crimes against humanity or genocide, but also a crime of aggression. There is an opportunity to gather evidence and prepare the prosecution research group. Such a role is given to European.
In addition, Eurasa gives the ability to work together. We have meetings of prosecutors between participants from different countries of the world and, of course, from Europe.
Eurost plays a central role in the development of the process, as there is a collection of collection and organized coordination between prosecutors.
- What is your position on the chances of bringing Russia to justice comprehensive violations of international law? 
That is why we try to work on a crime of aggression separately. But now the ICS will talk hard about specific violations of certain conventions. We try to give all the support to get more evidence of a violation.
My work is to provide all opportunities and tools to the prosecutors with judges to perform their work, investigate, pursue and judge military warriors. - What is your position on investigating the crime of Russia's genocide anti -Ukraine? 
It is clear that they do everything possible in the ISS for investigation.
 Of course, when you talk about genocide, it is more difficult to investigate in comparison with military crimes or crimes against humanity. But in the hands of the ISS this is possible, because in the Roman statute there is the ability to work on various crimes.
Yes, it is a crime of aggression under the Roman statute. But this situation cannot be put into effect, I explained because of the specific situation of Russia (The Russian Federation signed, but was unattractive, and in 2016 Moscow withdrew the signature of the document. –Aut.). 
Але можливе і розслідування справи про геноцид. Я не випадково сказав, що мипочали дискусію на початку березня минулого року з Євроюстом і «Мережеюгеноциду» ( Eurovist network for investigation and judicial persecution of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes. - Avt.) . We want all available tools.
I just want to be sure that all the prosecutors responsible for the formation of the position could go to the court where they already have to make a decision.
You know that in the past it was the most sufficient decision in the event of investigation of the crime of genocide in Rwanda and former Yugoslavia. In Ukraine, Eco -Comand of the ISS.
 Even during the war, we intend to create a reliable decision to be sure that during life, military criminals should know that there is a rice to be a court or a tribunal.
- What are your impressions of cooperation with Ukrainian colleagues? 
Read also:
[Hague for Bucha: condemnation(https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/02/21/gaaga-za-buchu-zasudzhennya-voyennyh-zlochyniv-rf-na-mizhnarodnomu-rivni/)
I was very impressed with the ability of the Ukrainian side during the war to be very specific in work on the place of investigation of crimes.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/didye-rejnerds-ratyfikacziya-rymskogo-statutu-ukrayinoyu-dopomozhe-v-zasudzhenni-zlochyniv-rosiyan/ 
"Irki-laboratoryers man, hiding, did not go, says: on x..p"-intercepting GUR 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-03T96:00:00-04:00
Description: The squad of the Mobilizovnoye Viexkovo Service of the Russian Federation Rospovіda in the telephone Rozmovi pro ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 222222222222222222.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГУР МОУ', 'ПЕРЕХОПЛЕННЯ']
Category: News
 The wife of a mobilized serviceman of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation tells in the telephone community about the spread of the Russian media information about fake success troops in the territory of the eastern part of Ukraine, as well as the unwillingness to participate in the war against Ukraine.
About this it is referred in the next interception of GUR MOU.
"Wagnerists" show, already clam(They beat)their. He said, that, the Prigozhin, that 38,000 were killed by Vartemivsk, Ukrainians. And so they say that everything is good. We look at them, to them, they do not speak - we are no longer sitting. And Slavik, Irki-Laboratory War, our doctor, opened the door and took him then, remember? And he came, for three days released, remember? Well, all, this one came… And he never followed and has come after him three times, hides, did not go, says: on X..p. This is not mine, ”says the wife of the Russian occupier.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/irky-laborantky-cholovik-hovayetsya-ne-pishov-kazhe-na-h-r-perehoplennya-gur/ 
Denis Frame: Ukrainian air defense has strengthened significantly. Is an achievement of both Western weapons and our people 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-03T98:00:00-04:00
Description: Yaksho Rіnno RIK Tom, if Ukrainian is small on Ozbrinni lichas Zenitni Rockets ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, War with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 78e17e3c-abbf-4a80-a083-d81a7b57c9f7.jpg ']
Tags: ['ДЕНЬ ЗЕНІТНИХ РАКЕТНИХ ВІЙСЬК', 'ЗРВ']
Category: News
 If, exactly a year ago, when Ukraine was in service with only anti -aircraft missile complexes of Soviet production, the Officer of the Air Force Command Considenis Druzhny explained that "the problem of air defense is one more serious, it is necessary to be re -armed, there is no other way out," today the firing is commenting on the state of Ukraine. It notes that the number one is currently increasing the number of recent weapons:
Denis Skodzhizh notes that at dawn on February 24, 22, firmly approved to destroy everything they saw in the air. However, now this decision is supported by a serious argument in the form of powerful air defense complexes.
-If at the beginning of the war we knocked a third of the calibers and the X-101 missiles, then it was considered a great success at that time,-says the officer. - Today we make 80 percent of such goals, and in some cases we demonstrate the ratio. This is the merit of not only anti -aircraft groups, but also mobile groups, fighter aviation and other structures and troops. We work for the result!
And although now the experts are not for celebrations, and to relax through constant nighttime attacks, the anti -aircraft attacks rarely succeed, Denis Pasti promised: “Let's win!And then we will rest!And we celebrate!”.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/denys-smazhnyj-ukrayinska-ppo-suttyevo-zmicznila-cze-dosyagnennya-yak-zahidnogo-ozbroyennya-tak-i-nashyh-lyudej/ 
Defense forces are gradually moving on one of Bakhmut's flanks and in the south - a painter 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T-10:08:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T19:08:00+03:00
Description: Defense forces are gradually moving along the southern flank around Bakhmut, as well as in the south. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16673... ']
Tags: ['Бахмут', 'Міноборони', 'Війна з Росією', 'Ганна Маляр']
Type: Article
 The Deborons are gradually moving along the southern flank around Bakhmut, as well as in the south of the country.
About it on the air of the nationwide TELEXON "The only news" of the Talazalaspanpian of the Minister of Defense Anna Malyar, Ukrinform reports.
"We have promotion on the southern flank around Bakhmut, in the North, we talk about it. - There are fighting, there is no promotion. In the south we have a deposit, daily," the painter said.
Read also: Russians from January tried to move in the East, but they failed - painter The Deputy Minister noted that the enemy was throwing all his forces to intercede the initiative in the east, including in Liman, Bakhmut directions.
"The whole duel is in the struggle for this. The strategic initiative we have, if you speak locally - there are fighting for this incentive," - said Malyar.
She gave an example when one stronghold can be removed several times during the day under control of both the defense forces and the enemy's strength.
Read also: [in the south forces Defense destroyed three boats and the Russian Field(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731353-na-pivdni-sili-oboroni-znisili-tri-covni-ta-polovij-punkt-rosian.html)As reported by Ukrinform with reference to Deputy Minister of Defense Gannomar, in the east of the country since January Russian troops They did not move as they plan.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731470-sili-oboroni-postupovo-prosuvautsa-na-odnomu-z-flangiv-bahmuta-i-na-pivdni-malar.html 
The Russians from January tried to move in the east but they failed - a painter 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T-12:50:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:50:00+03:00
Description: There are many criteria to evaluate events at the front, one of them is that in the east of the country, since January, Russian troops have not advanced as they planned. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Російські військові', 'Війна з Росією', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 There are many criteria for evaluating events on the front, one of them is that in the east of Ukraine, from January, Russian troops have not advanced as they planned.
About it on the air of the nationwide TELEXON "The only news" of the Talazalaspanpian of the Minister of Defense Anna Malyar, Ukrinform reports.
"Since January, the main directions of the enemy's offensive are Eastern - Avdiivsky, Maryansky, Kupyansky, Liman.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-bahmut)where they can also do nothing. They did not take control of the city and could not get out of it, by the way, too. We make it a dynamics, but somewhat different. The enemy cannot move that slyvin does not use. They threw out a huge amount of equipment, weapons, and a huge number of people were killed. The many months of Bakhmut's battle for them is a bustard, and they did nothing. Therefore, when we say that the fighting is ongoing, or in this direction there is no advancement, it does not mean that there is nothing there or that it is someone's shortage, " - said Malyar.
The Deputy Minister noted that the effectiveness of the defense forces is measured not by the distance, which managed to move forward, or the number of released points. Another criterion she called the number of enemy -destroyed personnel, the number of equipment, places of compact crowd of Russian military.
"If all this was not destroyed, it would go to us. Two weeks in a row and half a day, and in the east, our military destroy about 100 places of compact -sighing of Russian military. These are those military who could go here and go. Less than 10 points of management every week, from where weapons come from, UAV, every week about 20 warehouses of enemy weapons. And the equipment. Last week only in the southern direction of our Naztupli, 10 units of enemy equipment were destroyed, " - said Malyar.
Read also: Armed Forces have partial success in the offensive on the Bakhmut Braw, the enemy suffered losses - General Staff She added that progressing is going on, but some things are not reported in view of the security situation.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731463-rosiani-z-sicna-namagalisa-prosunutisa-na-shodi-ale-im-nicogo-ne-vdalosa-malar.html 
At Kupiansk and Lyman directions Russian army shelled Petro-Ivanivka, Novomlynsk, Kupyansk of... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T-14:40:00
Location: Donetsk (Latitude:48.75177 Longtitude:38.07861)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22573585
At Kupiansk and Lyman directions Russian army shelled Petro-Ivanivka,Novomlynsk, Kupyansk of Kharkiv region; Nevske and Bilohorivka of Luhanskregion and Verkhnokamyanske, Berestove and Rozdolivka of Donetsk region, -General Staff of Armed Forces of Ukraine says in the morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-at-kupiansk-and-lyman-directions-russian-army-shelled 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5265 
ZEZ lost power from the main power line - IAEA 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T-15:38:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T16:38:00+03:00
Description: The Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Power Plant (ZEP) lost its power on Tuesday in the morning from the main outer transmission line, after which it was released into a single accessible backup line. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16619... ']
Tags: ['Електроенергія', 'МАГАТЕ', 'Запорізька АЕС', 'Гроссі']
Type: Article
 Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Power Plant(Rabbit)It lost its power on Tuesday in the morning of the window outer transmission line, after which it was redecorated with a single available backup line.
As Ukrinform reports, this stated Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency(IDA)Raphael Marianne Grossi.
"A single power line of the ZPEC is 750 kilovolts(QV)- Of the four, to the conflict, it was disconnected today at 01:21 by local time, " - the message reads.
It is noted that immediately after the incident it was not known that it became its cause, how long the shutdown would last.
Read also: Northern border was strengthened by personnel and technique of the event around ZPP - Naev "The disconnection of the 750 kV power line meant that the ZPP was forced to conquer a single available 330 kV spare line for electropolies outside the site, which was required, for example, to pump cooling water for the station," - said IAEA .
It is noted that this 330 kV line was connected to the station only on July 1, which happened four months ago.
Read also: Russia has received a warning and invents a new plan for ZPP - Kuleba "This time, the station escaped the complete loss of all external power supply - which has already happened seven times during the conflict - but the last shutdown of the power programs again demonstrates an unstable situation with nuclear taphysical nuclear security at the station," Gross CEO said.
As reported by Ukrinform, earlier Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated that [Russia had prepared the local explosion at the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant in the whole.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730219-zelenskij-rosiani-mozut-zdijsniti-terakt-na-zaes-abi-zupiniti-kontrnastup.html)And it can be released in order to stop the counter -offensive actions of the Defense Forces of Ukraine of raccolitical pressure on Kiev through some partners.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731392-zaes-vtratila-zivlenna-z-osnovnoi-linii-elektroperedac-magate.html 
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Kramatorsk, Konstantinovka, Vasukivka, Bogdanivka, ... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T-16:40:00
Location: Bakhmut (Latitude:48.52763 Longtitude:37.94952)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22573584
At Bakhmut direction Russian army shelled Kramatorsk, Kostyantynivka,Vasukivka, Bohdanivka, Chasiv Yar, Predtechyne and Klischiyivka of Donetskregion, - General Staff of Armed Forces of Ukraine says in the morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-at-bakhmut-direction-russian-army-shelled-kramatorsk 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5266 
Among hospitalized in Pervomaisky after Russian shelling - two babies 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T-17:37:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T15:37:00+03:00
Description: In the Pervomaisky Kharkiv region, a considerable number of people were injured on Tuesday as a result of the shelling of the Russians: 31 persons were hospitalized, including 11 children, damaged high -rise buildings and cars. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Харківщина', 'Єрмак', 'Офіс Президента']
Type: Article
 As a result of the shelling of the Russians, a large number of people were hospitalized, including 11 children, damaged high -rise buildings and cars as a result of the shelling of the Russians.
This was reported by Presidential Office Andriy Ermak in Telegram , reports Ukrinform.
“As of 15:00, a considerable number of victims are known: 31(Of these, 9 children, two babies - 1 year and 10 months). Єпошкоджені багатоповерхівки та авто», - зазначив він.
Відео: Харківська ОВА 
Читайте також: Обстріл Первомай ського: кількість поранених зросладо 16, серед них - семеро дітей Yermak recalled that the explosion in Pervomaisky was about 13:35.
The OP head added that, according to preliminary information, the Russians carried out a shelling of a projectile. As a result, several cars were burned.
Read also: the Russians struck Pervomai in the nail, 12 victims As reported by Ukrinform, the Russians struck Pervomaisky on Kharkivshchyna half an hour after the start of a memorial service in the city for the dead military personnel Fadyenko.(the call sign “Malish”), who died in a hospital of a serious injury caused by Bakhmut, and with which the locals say goodbye on Tuesday.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731352-sered-gospitalizovanih-u-pervomajskomu-pisla-rosijskogo-obstrilu-dvoe-nemovlat.html 
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kerramik, Avdiivka, Severne, Water Andes Nevelsk ... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T-18:40:00
Location: Donetsk Oblast (Latitude:48.058 Longtitude:37.57599)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22573583
At Avdiyivka direction Russian army shelled Keramik, Avdiyivka, Syeverne,Vodyane and Nevelske of Donetsk region, - General Staff of Armed Forces ofUkraine says in the morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-at-avdiyivka-direction-russian-army-shelled-keramik 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5267 
In the event of an explosion at the residents of the Radiation Accident Zone should be prepared for evacuation - the Ministry of Health 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T-1:44:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:44:00+03:00
Description: In the event of an explosion at the residents of the potential zone of radiation accident, the possible evacuation should be prepared. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16881... ']
Tags: ['Евакуація', 'МОЗ', 'Теракт', 'Агресія РФ', 'Запорізька АЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 In the afternoon, the residents of the potential radiation zone should be a possible evacuation.
About it in the telegram reports Ministry of Health, reports Ukrinform.
"In the event of an explosion at the residents of the potential radiation accident zone, it should be a possible evacuation.
Read also: [painter about the probability of a terrorist attack on the ZPU: no limits for Russia(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731477-malar-pro-jmovirnist-teraktu-na-zaes-nemae-mez-dla-bezumstva-rosii.html) 
In the ministry, they advise to prepare a suitcase or a backpack in case of evacuation. In particular, it is necessary to collect documents and their copies(Documents certifying the person, medical documents, legal documents certifying the right of ownership of movable and immovable property, contacts); face mask or respirator.
You also need to prepare a first aid kit and a weekly stock of medicines(If you have chronic diseases), wet wipes, variable clothing and shoes, minimal water and food.
Read also: [in Energodar and Mariupol(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731526-v-energodari-ta-mariupoli-pomitili-rosijski-mobilni-radiacijni-laboratorii.html) 
Tightly wrap a suitcase or a baking with a food film or adhesive tape. This will greatly help the process of decontamination in sanitary posts.
The Ministry of Health emphasizes that people in the area of radiation accident have to leave buildings only after appropriate instructions of the authorities.
"Local authorities will notify the location of evacuation points, as well as the most safe routes of movement if you evacuate your own vehicle. Follow the instructions and keep peace of mind," the statements said.
Read also: in the zone of a possible terrorist attack at the ZPPU will be performed vakation or additional measures - Lyashko 
As reported by Ukrinform, on March 4, 2022, the Russians captured ZPES . On June 22, 2023, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced Russia's plans to arrange a terrorist attack of the instruction.
The Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Alexei Danilov reported that Ukraine is carefully preparing for any scenarios for the development of the events of the Zaporozhye NPP.
Read also: Armed Forces warn about possible preparation by the Russians at the Zaporozhye NPP 
On June 30, the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense reported that the Russian contingent gradually leaves the territory of the Zaporozhye nuclear power plant.
At the end of June 2023 in the Nikolaev, Kherson, Zaporizhzhia, Dnipropetrovsk regions, large -scale exercises of emergency services for the consequences of a possible terrorist attack at the ZPP.
Read also: [Naev: North border was strengthened(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731377-pivnicnij-kordon-posilili-osobovim-skladom-ta-bojovou-tehnikou-cerez-podii-navkolo-zaes-naev.html) 
On July 4, the Armed Forces of Ukraine officially warned about the possible preparation of Russian invaders of provocation at the Zaporizhzhia NPP.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731532-u-razi-vibuhu-na-zaes-meskanci-zoni-radiacijnoi-avarii-maut-buti-gotovimi-do-evakuacii-moz.html 
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T-20:40:00
Location: Donetsk Oblast (Latitude:47.91623 Longtitude:37.46338)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22573582
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Krasnohorivka, Heorhiyivka,Maksymilyanivka, Hostre and Pobyeda of Donetsk region, - General Staff ofArmed Forces of Ukraine says in the morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-at-maryinka-direction-russian-army-shelled-krasnohorivka 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5268 
AT Shakhtarsk Directive Russian Army Sheled Blavodatne, Vukhledar, Bokhoynalen, Shakhotrsk ... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T-22:40:00
Location: Donetsk (Latitude:47.78906 Longtitude:36.99011)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22573581
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Blahodatne, Vuhledar,Bohoyavlenka, Shakhtarske and Zolota Nyva of Donetsk region. Russian aviationconducted airstrike at Blahodatne of Donetsk region, - General Staff of ArmedForces of Ukraine says in the morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-at-shakhtarske-direction-russian-army-shelled-blahodatne 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5269 
Zaporizhzhia And Kherson Directioz Rusian Army Shelled Gulyaipilsk, Belogoiria, Little Tok ... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T-24:40:00
Location: Kherson (Latitude:46.64307 Longtitude:32.62939)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22573580
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Huliaipilske,Bilohirya, Mala Tokmachka of Zaporizhzhia region; Marhanets, Nikopol ofDnipropetrovsk region; Antonivka of Kherson region and Kherson city, - GeneralStaff of Armed Forces of Ukraine says in the morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-at-zaporizhzhia-and-kherson-directions-russian-army 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5270 
Ukrainian basketball players gave way to Slovaks on Euro 2023 (U18) 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T-2:38:10+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:38:10+03:00
Description: In the third match of the group tournament of the Junior Championship of Europe in basketball (players under 18 years), the girl's national team of Ukraine was defeated from the team of Slovakia. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Баскетбол']
Type: Article
 In the third group tournament of the Junior Championship of Europe in basketball(Players up to 18 years old)The Ukrainian national team of Ukraine was defeated by the Slovakia team.
The match in Sofia(Bulgaria)ended with a strong -willed victory of a Slovak with a score 72: 44(9:15, 26:7, 18:14, 19:8), reports Ukrinform.
Otherwise, the Swedish group lost Estonians - 62:68(8:16, 23:14,10:16, 21:22).
Заключний матч у Дивізіоні В Євро-2023 «синьо-жовті» проведуть 5 липня протиодноліток із Естонії.
Турнірне становище: Болгарія - 6 очок (After 3 games), Slovakia - 6(4), Estonia - 5(3), Ukraine - 5(3), Sweden - 4(4).
Читайте також: Українські баскетбол істки обіграли шведок наЄвро-2023 (U18) The playoffs will be released by the two best teams from the group, and the three best prefabricated European teams will be the owners of the vouchers to Division A.
Photo: fbu.ua.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731529-ukrainski-basketbolistki-postupilisa-slovackam-na-evro2023-u18.html 
In Greater Novgorod there was a large fire in the production building 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T-3:36:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:36:00+03:00
Description: In the Russian Regional Center, the Great Novgorod there was a large fire in the production building with an area of ignition of 2.3 thousand square meters. m. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16830... ']
Tags: ['Пожежа', 'Великий Новгород', 'Росія']
Type: Article
 The Urosian Regional Center of the Great Novgorod was a large fire of an intrinsic building with an area of ignition of 2.3 thousand square meters. m.
According to Ukrinform, the telegram-channel [TASS] reports it(https://t.me/tass_agency/199563)With reference to the press service of the Ministry of Emergencies in Russia.
“The production building broke out in Veliky Novgorod, the fire area is 2.3 thousand. sq. meters, ”the ministry reported.
30 people and nine vehicles have been involved in the elimination of the fire, and simultaneously increases forces and means.
Read also: Under Moscow burning warehouses of the former furniture complex 
Later, clarification of the localization of the fire appeared.
As it was reported, after Russia began a full -scale war against Ukraine, the Russian Storethrelias increased fires and explosions.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731527-u-velikomu-novgorodi-stalasa-velika-pozeza-u-virobnicij-budivli.html 
In Energodar and Mariupol, Russian mobile radiation laboratories were noticed 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T-4:30:58+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:30:58+03:00
Description: Russian mobile radiation laboratories were observed in the temporarily occupied energy and Mariupol. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Маріуполь', 'Запорізька АЕС', 'Енергодар']
Type: Article
 The Russian mobile laboratories have been observed by the occupied energy and Mariupol.
This was reported in Berdyansk today telegram today " , reports Ukrinform.
"Russian mobile radiation laboratories have been observed in Energodar and Mariupol. Rosatom has already officially confirmed its plans for the possible undermining of this day," the post reads.
Read also: [painter about the probability of a terrorist attack on ZPE : no limits for Russia(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731477-malar-pro-jmovirnist-teraktu-na-zaes-nemae-mez-dla-bezumstva-rosii.html)Also, with reference to the adviser of the chairman "Ronergoatom" it is stated that "Kiev on the night of July 5 is going to attack the ZPP with the use of high-precision arms and drones-Kamikadze".
Earlier it was reported that the Armed Forces of Ukraine officially warn the provocation in the territory of Zaporizhzhya anatomic power plant, occupied by Russian terrorists since March 4, 2022.
Read also: Armed Forces warn about the possible preparation of the Russians at the Zaporozhye NPP According to operational information, today, on July 4, foreign objects similar to the fourth roof of the fourth unit of the ZPP were placed on the exterior of the third roof. Their undermining should not damage the unit, but can create a picture of shelling from Ukraine. The Russian media is misinforming about this.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731526-v-energodari-ta-mariupoli-pomitili-rosijski-mobilni-radiacijni-laboratorii.html 
The State Property Foundation sells the Resin Chemical Plant 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T-5:27:23+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:27:23+03:00
Description: SPMU put on the auction of JSC "S corb" for UAH 190.3 million, which is the largest in the full -scale war with the starting value among small privatization objects. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15787... ']
Tags: ['ФДМУ', 'Завод']
Type: Article
 Fdmuvviv for auction of JSC "Smola" for UAH 190.3 million, which is the highest in the time of the full -scale war with the starting value among the objects of small privatization.
According to Ukrinform, the PDMU press service in [Facebook] reports it(https://www.facebook.com/spfu.gov.ua/posts/pfbid0eYq3zFJkgGFA8HGXHXfVsg6t5giNXHMyJwWjwwXEbHyJifvjcdF7cvhtwYpx13v9l).
«Найдорожчий лот з моменту відновлення малої приватизації – АТ «Смоли» уКам’янському на аукціоні. Стартова вартість об'єкта – 190,3 млн гривень», -йдеться в повідомленні.
Читайте також: Фонд держмайна за тиждень заробив на приватизаціїпонад ₴126 мільйонів It is emphasized that it is an existing chemical industry enterprise in management, whose main activity is the production of plastics in primary forms, in particular ion -exchange resins.
The volume of sales of products by the plant for 2020 - the first quarter of 2023 is UAH 196.4 million. However, the State Property Fund states that the enterprise is unprofitable - net loss for the specified period amounted to UAH 98.9 million. During the years of inefficient work, the company has accumulated UAH 112 million in debt to the employees of the state budget, which should pay off the future investor.
The sales are offered a state package of stocks of 100% of the authorized capital of JSC "SMAL". The bidding will take place on July 26.
Read also: SPFMU plans to create a land bank and the Investment Non -Service Fund As it was reported, in June 2023 the State Property Fund sold 52 objects, the final value of which reached 252.3 million. In July, 54 objects are planned for privatization.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731523-fond-derzmajna-prodae-himzavod-smoli.html 
Pope envoy is working on a mechanism for returning stolen children to Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T-6:20:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:20:00+03:00
Description: The Vatican specialist Cardinal Matteo Zuppi says he is working on a "mechanism" that could provide the return of children who were stolen and taken to the Russian Federation. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16556... ']
Tags: ['Діти', 'Папа Франциск', 'Викрадення людей', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Vatican specialist Cardinal Matteo Zuppi says he is working on a "mechanism" that could ensure the return of children who were stolen to the Tavivs to the Russian Federation.
According to Ukrinform, it reports Sky News. “We'll see how we can run a mechanism for children(and)Help, as they were mowed, on the Humanitarian Front, especially for children who should be able to turn to Ukraine, ”the cardinal said at the presentation of a book in Rome.
Read also: in Russia delay and interrogate Ukrainians who go to get their stolen children - Lubin 
He noted that he personally discussed this issue with the Pontiff.
The Italian Cardinal visited Moscow last week, and was previously in Kiev.
In the Vatican, Cardinal efforts are characterized as "aimed at identifying humanitarian initiatives that could open ways to peace."
Talking to the Italian public broadcaster RAI on Sunday, Cardinal Zuppis said that he was not working on a "peaceful plan" or "mediation" between Ukraine Moscow, noting that he was simply focusing on "humanitarian aspects".
Read also: Russian official declared 700,000 stolen children of children 
As it was reported, the head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak stated that Ukraine was not hopeful for the Vatican mediation in negotiations with Moscow, instead, it would be assisted in the liberation of prisoners of Ukrainians and returning Ukrainian children.
On June 28-29, the special ambassador of Pope Roman Cardinal Matteo Zuppy was a visit to the Vatican's mission on June 28-29 with the "Achieving Homir" in Ukraine.
Read also: Ukraine knows about the location of almost 19.5 thousand ideas exported by Russia - Ombudsman 
On June 5-6, Zuppy visited Ukraine. In particular, he discussed the situation in Ukraine and humanitarian cooperation with President Vladimirzelensky in the realization of peace formula.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731522-poslannik-papi-rimskogo-pracue-nad-mehanizmom-povernenna-vikradenih-ditej-do-ukraini.html 
Zorya won the first match under the guidance of Lalatovich 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T-7:17:48+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:17:48+03:00
Description: The Lugansk Dawn players held the first control match at the summer training meetings in Poland. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Футбол', "Прем'єр-ліга", 'Зоря']
Type: Article
 The football player "Dawn" conducted the first control match at the summer training meetings in Poland.
As informs Sport.ua , team under the guidance of Serbian trainer Nest Lalatovich is preparing for the beginning of the new season of Ukrainian Premier League(UPL)But to the European Cups, Ukrinform reports.
On July 4, in the first game at the Zorya meeting, she defeated the Polish "restaurant" with a score 4: 2. Dubs were designed by Nazarii Rusin and Danilo Alefirenko.
"Black and White" will spend most of July in Poland, after which it will return in Ukraine, where a new season will begin on July 29.
Read also: Serbian coach Lalatovich headed " Dawn " At the meeting, the Lugansk team will hold another 4 sparring, opponents will be: July 8- "Steel"(Poland), July 11 - Zemplin(Slovakia), July 17 - Gurnyk(Poland), July 22 - Ruzombruck(Slovakia).
Фото: ФК «Зоря» (Lugansk).
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731519-zora-vigrala-persij-matc-pid-kerivnictvom-lalatovica.html 
Two drones were shot down in New Moscow near the village of Valuevo, there were no injuries o... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T00:21:00
Location: Moscow (Latitude:55.57068 Longtitude:37.34862)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia", "Avia"]
Id: 22573414
Two drones were shot down in New Moscow near the village of Valuevo, therewere no injuries or damage, emergency services told RIA Novosti
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-two-drones-were-shot-down-in-new-moscow-near-the-village 
News Source: https://t.me/rian_ru/207782 
Restrictions on the aircraft traffic at Vnukovo Airport have been extended until 08:00, Rosav... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T00:46:16
Location: Moscow (Latitude:55.59178 Longtitude:37.26275)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Avia", "Russia"]
Id: 22573412
Restrictions on the aircraft traffic at Vnukovo Airport have been extendeduntil 08:00, Rosaviatsia reports. Other airports in Moscow and the MoscowRegion are operating normally.
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-restrictions-on-the-aircraft-traffic-at-vnukovo-airport 
News Source: https://t.me/rian_ru/207789 
Drone shot down near Kubinka near Moscow 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T00:47:19
Location: Moskovskaya oblast' (Latitude:55.56689 Longtitude:36.69056)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Central and Eastern Europe", "Russia"]
Id: 22573413
Drone shot down near Kubinka near Moscow
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-drone-shot-down-near-kubinka-near-moscow 
News Source: https://t.me/rian_ru/207786 
Russian drone has dropped explosives on the Marganets community yesterday evening 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T00:51:22
Location: Marhanets (Latitude:47.64388 Longtitude:34.63818)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22573415
Russian drone has dropped explosives on the Marganets community yesterdayevening
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-russian-drone-has-dropped-explosives-on-the-marganets 
News Source: https://t.me/dneproperatyv/67166 
More explosions reported in Novaya Moskva 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T00:52:58
Location: Moscow (Latitude:55.57522 Longtitude:37.36017)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia", "Avia"]
Id: 22573416
More explosions reported in Novaya Moskva
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-more-explosions-reported-in-novaya-moskva 
News Source: https://t.me/informburo_sfd/194490 
One of the drones crashed into a garage in the village of Krivosheino in New Moscow - source.... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T00:59:46
Location: Moskovskaya oblast' (Latitude:55.55716 Longtitude:37.20799)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22573419
One of the drones crashed into a garage in the village of Krivosheino in NewMoscow - source. Then a fire started. There is no information about thecasualties
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-one-of-the-drones-crashed-into-a-garage-in-the-village 
News Source: https://t.me/ENews112/14441 
Explosions were reported in Kostiantynivka 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T02:41:25
Location: Kostyantynivka (Latitude:48.51911 Longtitude:37.70388)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe"]
Id: 22573490
Explosions were reported in Kostiantynivka
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-explosions-were-reported-in-kostiantynivka- 
News Source: https://t.me/novosti_donbass24/50381 
2 person killed as result of Russian artillery shelling in Kherson 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T03:00:27
Location: Kherson (Latitude:46.63635 Longtitude:32.62493)
Videos: []
Images: [" 22573521_0.jpg ", " 22573521_1.jpg "]
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22573521
2 person killed as result of Russian artillery shelling in Kherson
  News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-2-person-killed-as-result-of-russian-artillery-shelling 
News Source: https://t.me/Tsaplienko/35103 
Death toll of Russian drone attack in Sumy increased to 3 killed, 21 wounded 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T03:05:13
Location: Sumy, Sums'ka oblast (Latitude:50.90596 Longtitude:34.79628)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22573529
Death toll of Russian drone attack in Sumy increased to 3 killed, 21 wounded
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-death-toll-of-russian-drone-attack-in-sumy-increased 
News Source: https://t.me/Tsaplienko/35102 
Shahed-type drone was shot down over Sumy region 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T03:30:27
Location: Sumy,Sums'ka oblast (Latitude:51.0293 Longtitude:35.02304)
Videos: []
Images: [" 22573568_0.jpg ", " 22573568_1.jpg "]
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22573568
Shahed-type drone was shot down over Sumy region
  News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-shahedtype-drone-was-shot-down-over-sumy-region 
News Source: https://t.me/operativnoZSU/103986 
JSC Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina Directions Rusyan Army Shelled Bachivsk, Hodine, Boat ... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T03:40:00
Location: Hlukhiv (Latitude:51.6487 Longtitude:34.09933)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22573586
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Bachivsk,Khodyne, Katerynivka of Sumy region and Veterynarne, Kozacha Lopan and Budarkyof Kharkiv region. Russian aviation conducted airstrikes at Sumy city and nearKaterynivka of Sumy region, - General Staff of Armed Forces of Ukraine says inthe morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-at-sivershchyna-and-slobozhanschyna-directions-russian 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5264 
Missile strike was reported at military warehouses in Yakymivka 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T03:44:00
Location: Yakimivka (Latitude:46.69561 Longtitude:35.16385)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22573592
Missile strike was reported at military warehouses in Yakymivka
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-missile-strike-was-reported-at-military-warehouses 
News Source: https://t.me/info_zp/39988 
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T03:44:08
Location: Zaporizhzhia (Latitude:47.77602 Longtitude:36.71253)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22573579
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions.Ukrainian military had 40 combat engagements with Russian forces south toNovoselivske, Novovodyane, west to Dibrova of Luhansk region and north-east ofSerebryanske forestry and near Vesele of Donetsk region, Hryhorivka,Bohdanivka, west to Yahidne, Ivanivske and south-east of Bila Hora of Donetskregion, Maryinka, Rivnopil of Donetsk region, - General Staff of Armed Forcesof Ukraine says in the morning report
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-russian-forces-conducting-offensive-actions-in-donetsk 
News Source: https://t.me/lumsrc/5271 
3 wounded as result of shelling in Buda-Vorobivska in Chernihiv region 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T04:45:00
Location: Chernihiv, Chernihivs'ka oblast (Latitude:52.24727 Longtitude:33.05387)
Videos: []
Images: [" 22573631_0.jpg "]
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22573631
3 wounded as result of shelling in Buda-Vorobivska in Chernihiv region
 News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-3-wounded-as-result-of-shelling-in-budavorobivska 
News Source: https://t.me/UkraineNow/35624 
NATO Allies extend the mandate of Secretary General @jensstoltenberg for a 4th time 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T05:27:34
Location: Brussel, Brussels Hoofdstedelijk Gewest (Latitude:50.8804 Longtitude:4.4244)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: []
Id: 22573633
NATO Allies extend the mandate of Secretary General @jensstoltenberg for a 4thtime
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-nato-allies-extend-the-mandate-of-secretary-general 
News Source: https://twitter.com/natopress/status/1676159583708954625 
12 person wounded, including 5 children as result of explosion in Pervomaiskyi of Kharkiv region 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T07:07:00
Location: Pervomaiskyi (Latitude:49.37924 Longtitude:36.21283)
Videos: []
Images: [" 22573654_0.jpg ", " 22573654_1.jpg ", " 22573654_2.jpg "]
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22573654
12 person wounded, including 5 children as result of explosion in Pervomaiskyiof Kharkiv region
   News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-12-person-wounded-including-5-children-as-result-of 
News Source: https://t.me/synegubov/6578 
1 person wounded as result of Russian attacks in Zaporizhzhia region yesterday 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T07:15:23
Location: Zaporizhiye (Latitude:47.66099000 Longtitude:36.24973000)
Videos: []
Images: [" 22573653_0.jpg ", " 22573653_1.jpg ", " 22573653_2.jpg ", " 22573653_3.jpg ", " 22573653_4.jpg ", " 22573653_5.jpg ", " 22573653_6.jpg ", " 22573653_7.jpg ", " 22573653_8.jpg "]
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22573653
1 person wounded as result of Russian attacks in Zaporizhzhia region yesterday
         News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-1-person-wounded-as-result-of-russian-attacks-in-zaporizhzhia 
News Source: https://t.me/info_zp/40005 
Explosions reported in Kherson after aircraft launched bombs 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T07:31:47
Location: Kherson (Latitude:46.63117 Longtitude:32.62991)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22573655
Explosions reported in Kherson after aircraft launched bombs
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-explosions-reported-in-kherson-after-aircraft-launched 
News Source: https://t.me/c/1206076820/42583 
Heavy explosion reported in Sevastopol 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T07:39:52
Location: Sevastopol, (Latitude:44.62432 Longtitude:33.4968)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22573656
Heavy explosion reported in Sevastopol
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-heavy-explosion-reported-in-sevastopol 
News Source: https://t.me/chp_sevastopol/17555 
31 wounded as result of Russian missile strike with Iskander missile in Pervomaiskyi of Khark... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T08:52:24
Location: Pervomaiskyi (Latitude:49.37567 Longtitude:36.21798)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Europe", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22573676
31 wounded as result of Russian missile strike with Iskander missile inPervomaiskyi of Kharkiv region
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-31-wounded-as-result-of-russian-missile-strike-with 
News Source: https://t.me/kharkivlife/63463 
Ukrainian Defense Forces to reinforce northern border in connection with events at Zaporizhzhia... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T09:54:39
Location: Kyiv, Kyiv city (Latitude:50.43958 Longtitude:30.53787)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Belarus", "Russia"]
Id: 22573681
Ukrainian Defense Forces to reinforce northern border in connection withevents at Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant, - commander Nayev
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-ukrainian-defense-forces-to-reinforce-northern-border 
News Source: https://t.me/channel24_ua/95221 
In the Chernihiv region, the losses of the environment through Russian shelling are more than ₴ 18 billion 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T0:54:43+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:54:43+03:00
Description: In Chernihiv region, the losses caused by shelling of the Russian army are over UAH 18 billion. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16872... ']
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Чернігівщина', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 In the exceptions of the environment, the losses caused by shelling of the Russian army amount to more than UAH 18 billion.
According to Ukrinform, it reports Department of Ecology and Natural Resources of Chernihiv Ova .
"The State Environmental Inspectorate in the Chernihiv Oblast has more than 18 million hryvnias caused by the environment of Chernihiv as a result of armed aggression and hostilities during martial law," the statement reads.
Read also: enemy intensified shelling and on the northern border -mini -defense In particular, the amount of damage caused to land is UAH 10.8 billion, the loss of unorganized emissions of pollutants into the atmospheric air was valued at UAH 5.62 billion, and from pollution and water clogging, unauthorized use of water resources - UAH 1.58 billion.
As reported by Ukrinform, the estimated amount of losses caused to the environment due to the blowing of the dam of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station is UAH 146 billion.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731535-na-cernigivsini-zbitki-dovkillu-cerez-rosijski-obstrili-stanovlat-ponad-18-milardiv.html 
“Every shot exactly in the target!”: SCO snipers in Bakhmut 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T10:00:00-04:00
Description: At the General Staff of the ZS Ukrainian, Video was defamed about the Robot Sniper of the MSO in Bakhmuti. ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' sso.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'БАХМУТ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'СИЛИ СПЕЦІАЛЬНИХ ОПЕРАЦІЙ']
Category: News
 In the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine published Video of the work of SCO snipers in Bakhmut. “In the area of Bakhmut, the snipers of the SCSU of the Armed Forces are destroying the enemy's living power. At the same time, shots of combat work in urban conditions. Every shot exactly in the target!” —The annotation to the video.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/kozhen-postril-tochno-v-czil-kadry-roboty-snajperiv-sso-u-bahmuti/ 
Dynamo started training at Austria's meeting 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T10:52:43+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:52:43+03:00
Description: Dynamo Kyiv players started working directly at the Austrian town of St. Fight-An-Der-Glan. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16885... ']
Tags: ['Динамо', 'Футбол', 'Луческу']
Type: Article
 Dynamo football players began to work directly at the assembly of the Vavstrian town of St. Fight-An-Der-Glan.
As reports press service White-blue, with its residence, the team has chosen a Hoteldie Zeit Hotel, which has two full-size high quality fields in its territory, Ukrinform reports.
Before the first class, Mircea Lucescu turned to the players. The chief trainer gave the ward not only for training, but in general for the collection, the collection for the season, emphasizing that in the new season they are obliged to fix and return the championship title.
Mr. Separately, Mr. Master appealed, noting that the majority of the first season are training in the main team, so they are not in any way, and the requirements for them should be the same as for other players.
Read also: Dynamo ** "football players have received new game numbers With the exception of the injured Sergiy Buletsi, the first training was attended by all other 23 players who arrived the day before from Kiev, as well as Sergey Sidorchuk, Ramadani Ramadani and Andriy Yarmolenko, who joined the team already at the hotel.
Read also: known fifth rival " Dynamo " at Austria's Assembly The first control match of Kiev will be held on July 5 against Bukharest Dynamo.
Photo: fcDynamo.com.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731543-dinamo-rozpocalo-trenuvanna-na-zborah-v-avstrii.html 
The death of cadets in Kharkiv region: the court left the suspect under house arrest 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T11:58:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:58:00+03:00
Description: The court did not grant the prosecutor's request to change the measure of restraint suspect in the case of the death of two cadets - it will remain under house arrest. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16885... ']
Tags: ['Прокуратура', 'Суд', 'Харківщина']
Type: Article
 The court dissatisfied with the prosecutor's office for changing the measure of restraint suspected of the death of two cadets -sapers - it will remain under homearest.
Dmitry Chubenko, a spokesman for Kharkiv Regional Prosecutor's Office, told the Ukrinform correspondent.
"The appeal today has left the decision of the court of first instance: a 24 -hour arrest with the use of electronic control," - reported.
Read also: death cadets ** in Kharkiv: Head of the department was handed out for house arrest He noted that the precautionary measure is until August 12.
As reported by Ukrinform, in the Kharkiv region on May 31 two cadets(21 and 22 years old)The National University of Civil Protection was killed in a training center in Kharkiv region, another cadet was injured.
The case is investigated under item 1 of Part 2 of Article 115 of the Criminal Code(murder of two or more persons committed with carelessness).
Читайте також: Загибель курсантів від вибуху на Харківщині:попередньо, здетонував снаряд до САУ «Піон» On June 5, the head of the Investigation Department of the National Police in the Kharkiv region, Bolvinov, reported that according to preliminary information of investigators, the cadet was as a result of the explosion of the projectile to the Pion SAU.
On June 12, it became known that the head of the department where the cadets studied was suspected.
He was already released from the university. According to the investigation, the suspect gave instructions to disassemble the ammunition 152 caliber to make a layout.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731544-zagibel-kursantiv-na-harkivsini-sud-zalisiv-pidozruvanogo-pid-domasnim-arestom.html 
Chernihiv Oblast: A mobile mobile class from mine safety started 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T12:00:00-04:00
Description: Foreman Zakhodski Zhittiyynosti є є ’є’ prichene -wrestler for Fakhivtsiv DSNS ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for Ukraine and Russia, and when, the war with Ukraine in Ukraine in Ukraine It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' imagetools2.jpg ', ' imagetools0.jpg ']
Tags: ['ДСНС', 'ДСНС УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 The training of life safety measures is one of the priority tasks for the SES of Ukraine. In our country there is a war, and everyone should know and clear the necessary actions in the event of explosive and suspicious subjects. About this reported on the site of the SES of Ukraine.
Therefore, rescuers of Chernihiv region, in order to teach the population to resist the risks associated with explosive objects, and how to act in the event of a threatening emergencies of a military nature, created a mobile variable security class that has started their work days.
 Thus, during an on -site lecture in one of the communities of Chernihiv district, rescuers carried out an explanatory work to teach the audience and remind the right -by -safety of life. With the help of 3D-makers, emergency officers told the more common types of explosive objects: their types, consequences of carelessness, and also told the basic requirements in the event of suspicious subjects. Citizens were emphasized that it is possible to come across a dangerous find, because the explosive can be masked into toys, bright packages, household items, etc., so it is necessary to be as careful and careful as possible.
To all present rescuers handed out thematic monuments, booklets, paintings of the UNCEF Ukraine Children's Fund.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/chernigivska-oblast-rozpochav-robotu-peresuvnyj-mobilnyj-klas-z-minnoyi-bezpeky/ 
A drone was found in Troitsa village of Moscow region 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T13:01:47
Location: Moskva, Moscow (Latitude:55.90825 Longtitude:36.58557)
Videos: []
Images: [" 22573688_0.jpg "]
Tags: ["Central and Eastern Europe", "Russia"]
Id: 22573688
A drone was found in Troitsa village of Moscow region
 News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-a-drone-was-found-in-troitsa-village-of-moscow-region 
News Source: https://t.me/ENews112/14447 
General Staff of Armed forces of Ukraine says Russian troops deployed possible explosive devi... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T13:03:28
Location: Enerhodar,Zaporiz'ka oblast (Latitude:47.51274 Longtitude:34.58601)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Energy", "Central and Eastern Europe"]
Id: 22573689
General Staff of Armed forces of Ukraine says Russian troops deployed possibleexplosive devices at the roof of 4th unit of Zaporizhzhia power plant
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-general-staff-of-armed-forces-of-ukraine-says-russian 
News Source: https://t.me/UkraineNow/35644 
Zelensky reported Macron about possible Russian provocations for ZPP 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T13:12:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T23:12:00+03:00
Description: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky spoke with French President Emanuel Macron and discussed with him the possible provocation of Russia for ZPP, defensive agreements and situations in Russia and the battlefield. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16840... ']
Tags: ['Франція', 'Макрон', 'НАТО', 'Саміт НАТО', 'Україна', 'Зеленський', 'Запорізька АЕС']
Type: Article
 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky spoke with French President Emanuelmakron and discussed with him the possible provocation of Russia on the ZPP, defense and situation in Russia and the battlefield.
About this reported In the official telegram-channel of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky, Ukrinform reports.
"As always a useful and effective conversation with French President Emmanuelmmacron ... warned Emmanuel Macron about the preparation of occupation troops of dangerous provocations for Zaporizhzhya NPPs . They agreed to keep the situation on the maximum control with the IAEA " - the message reads.
!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731537-u-razi-teraktu-na-zaes-apokalipsisu-ne-bude-ale-trapitsa-zabrudnenna-ekspert.html) *
The parties also discussed the implementation of the previous ones and reached new defense speeches.
"Thank you for the large batch of armored vehicles, including very needed sanitary and evacuation transport, additional light tanks and air defense," the President wrote.
Read also: [painter about the probability of a terrorist attack on the ZPU: no limits for Russia(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731477-malar-pro-jmovirnist-teraktu-na-zaes-nemae-mez-dla-bezumstva-rosii.html) 
Presidents of Ukraine and France also discussed the situation in Russia and Napoli Battle.
"After Prigogine's actions, the whole world saw that there is no space for the Maneorovna Field of Battle. And on the contrary, a window of opportunity opens. We need to act rushly - both military and politically. Therefore, it is very important that the summit in Vilnius is inseelectric," Zelensky wrote.
Read also: Stoltenberg and Zelensky discussed the preparation of NATO Dozamite 
It was reported that a summit [NATO] will take place in Vilnius on July 11-12(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-nato)In which one of the main issues for discussion at the level of heads of state and governments of the Union countries will be the continuation of military assistance for Ukraine, as well as measures to strengthen the Alliance and defense system.
Foto: op 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731545-zelenskij-povidomiv-makrona-pro-mozlivi-rosijski-provokacii-na-zaes.html 
Special robots are planned to be transferred to Americans to Vinnytsia Rescuers 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T14:00:00-04:00
Description: Syogodni, to Vіnnitsyki Ryatuvalnikov, was already awarded the delegation to the delegate of the states ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news War with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 356411461_3499026043700287_7447902634460690525_n.jpg ', ' 355690031_3499026150366943_1634621036787609956_n.jpg ', ' 356638448_3499025930366965_8206588357712571273_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['МІЖНАРОДНА ДОПОМОГА УКРАЇНІ']
Category: News
 Today, the Vinnytsia rescuers have arrived for the second time a delegation of the drawn states of America. About it on your page The head of the Main Directorate of the SES in Vinnytsia region reported on Facebook.
 He noted that the main purpose of the visit was to exchange experience and outline the general needs. The delegation included Firefighter Rescunetwork, who promised to assist with expensive equipment for Ukrainian rescue. The organization plans to transfer special robots-changes to the SES.
 Vinnytsia rescuers thanked the Americans for their cooperation and support.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/speczialnyh-robotiv-rozminovuvachiv-planuyut-peredaty-amerykanczi-vinnyczkym-ryatuvalnykam/ 
The world sees that the only source of danger to the ZPP is Russia - President 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T14:21:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T23:21:00+03:00
Description: Now the whole world must be aware that the common safety depends entirely on global attention to the actions of the occupiers at the station. Russia must be clearly aware: the world sees which scripts are being prepared for terrorists, and the world is ready to react. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16885... ']
Tags: ['Звернення', 'Агресія РФ', 'Зеленський', 'Запорізька АЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Now the world must be aware that the joint safety depends entirely to the off -global attention to the actions of the invaders at the station. Russia must be clearly aware: the world sees which scripts are preparing to be terrorists, and the Svetrozhtovy react.
The President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky said this in his address at the end of the 496th day of the war, Ukrinform reports.
_ I wish health, dear Ukrainians, Ukrainian women!_ 
He has just completed the conversation with Mr. French President Macron, and this is the third international negotiations for today-after talking to the Secretary-General and the Prime Minister of Sweden. The main thing is our defense, front, weapons, the capabilities of our warriors, and I am grateful to partners for understanding our needs. We were given new defensive packages, and, by the way, thank you, Emmanuel, for that something today began to come and weapons we agreed on , Rockets, tanks.
But, of course, they also talked about more strategic things - about which the security foundation of Europe will be after this war and our victory.
In order for the world to come faster and to be long, honest, true, Russian evil must not be the line for the Kremlin's ambitions. We are all the free European nations, all in our Euro-Atlantic community, not Russian terrorists and any of their blackmail and aggression.
We add the content of the NATO summit daily, which will take place in Vilnius of the Venan Week, and I am grateful to all our partners who work together with the web strengthening of the Alliance, and therefore, for safety in Europe - real safety. Today, talking to France, with the Prime Minister of Sweden and See and General, coordinated our steps in front of Vilnius.
He also held several meetings with government officials and our team of office internationals on training for foreign policy activities that will take place in the near future.
It is very important - about the situation at the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant. Now all the light is conscious that the common safety depends entirely on global consumption to the actions of the occupiers at the station. Russia must be clearly aware: it is a light to which scripts are preparing for terrorists, and the world is ready to react.
Radiation is a threat to all in the world, and the nuclear power plant must be completely supported from any radiation incidents. Today, exactly 16 months, as Russian military, fully control the territory and structures of the Zaporozhye NPPs. In different states of the world there are their own intelligence and other opportunities to accurately recognize what is happening and who is guilty of it.Now, from our intelligence, we have information that on the roof of several Gergers of the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Station, Russian military placedly -led with explosives. Maybe to simulate a stroke on the station. They may have some other scenario. But in any case, the world sees-and cannot feel!- that the only source of danger to the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant is exactly Russia. And no one else.
Unfortunately, there was no timely and large -scale response to a terrorist attack against the Kakhovsky hydroelectric power plant. And it can inspire the Kremlin to a new evil.
To stop it is the duty of everyone in the world, and no one can leave the scene, because radiation leaves no one away.
I thank Mr. Macron for his attention to the situation at the ZPP and for his willingness to do everything he needed to guarantee safety.
One more.
Today, Russia has once again hit Kharkiv region, in the city of Pervomaisky. Iskander is likely. Eight ordinary high -rise buildings were damaged. More than 40 people have been injured, 12 of them were children, two were babies, they have less than a year ... As of this time, rescuers, together with police officers, still carry out the trading homes. Everyone who was injured in this missile blow will provide the necessary help.
And for this blow the enemy will be responsible, as well as all other blows.
Russian terrorists want to become model in how they destroy their lives. We will be model in how life we protect and how life replies - fairly and inevitably - every stroke of every terrorist.
The Nazis tried to escape from justice. Quite a long time. But many of them have been found and are still held accountable. We catch the racists much faster.
By the way, now I will still have a meeting with the Interior Minister Klimenko Taerivist to the baby's security service - and about the new challenges of our security, a common situation. There was also a meeting today with intelligence ...
We know how to put terrorists in place.
Thank you all our soldiers!
Glory to Ukraine! 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731547-svit-bacit-so-edinim-dzerelom-nebezpeki-dla-zaes-e-same-rosia-prezident.html 
Zelensky awarded 13 police Order for Courage 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T15:23:48+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T15:23:48+03:00
Description: President Volodymyr Zelenskyy celebrated the Order of Courage of III degree 13 police officers. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Нагорода', 'Поліція', 'Зеленський']
Type: Article
 The Presidential Lordir Zelensky celebrated the Order of Courage of III degree of 13 Police.
Corresponding Decree No. 368/2023 Posted on the state site, Ukrinform reports.
It is noted that the Order was awarded "for the personal courage, identified during the performance of official duty, the dedicated service to the Ukrainian people's pAZ the occasion of the Day of the National Police of Ukraine."
Read also: during the war President Rewards more than 49 thousand Ukrainians As it was reported, in Ukraine since 2018 on July 4 celebrates the day police. 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731334-zelenskij-nagorodiv-13-policejskih-ordenom-za-muznist.html 
MP Alekseev left the detention center on bail of 2.2 million 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T15:25:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T15:25:00+03:00
Description: People's Deputy Sergey Alekseev, who, on the eve of the Lychakiv Court of Lviv, chose a measure of detention in the form of detention for 60 days, left the pre -trial detention center after making a bail in the amount of UAH 2.264 million. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16883... ']
Tags: ['СІЗО', 'Суд', 'Застава', 'Сергій Алєксєєв']
Type: Article
 People's Department Sergey Alekseev, who, on the eve of the Lychakiv Court of Lviv, a winged event in the form of detention for 60 days, came out of the detention center in the amount of pledge of UAH 2.264 million.
He reported this in a comment public , reports Ukrinform.
"The pledge was made for me by my friends and colleagues around 6:00 pm(July 3 - Ed.).Одразу я не вийшов, вийшов 4 липня близько 13 години. Справи там немає, кажутькращі адвокати. Це виключно "підстава" опозиційного депутата. Далі ми будемовідстоювати: йти або на виправдальний вирок, або на закриття справи", — заявивАлєксєєв.
Читайте також: Адвокати депутата Алєксєєв а подаватимуть апеляцію As reported by Ukrinform, on July 3 Lychakiv District Court of Lviv Obravable West by the People's Deputy from the European Solidarity Party Sergei Alekseev - 60 days of detention under guard. An alternative to arrest was the pledge of 2 million 264 thousand UAH.
The Prosecutor General's office informed Alekseev of suspicion under Part 4 of Art. 190(fraud)Criminal Code of Ukraine. He can threaten 5 to 12 years of confiscation of property.
According to the investigation, the deputy took possession of the money of the citizen. It is $ 50,000.(1.8 million UAH). Він нібито обіцяв іноземцюсприяти в уникненні екстрадиції, для цього «гарантував» використати власнізв’язки в суді. Правоохоронці зафіксували, як Алєксєєв одержав 30 тис. дол.Перед цим він отримав ще 20 тис. дол.
Під час суду Алєксєєв заявив про політичні переслідування. Він стверджує, щоці гроші – оплата адвокатських послуг, а справа проти нього сфабрикована.
Сергій Алєксєєв – заслужений юрист України, раніше працював у Енергобанку,очолював юридичний департамент у Київенерго. У 2005 році був юридичнимрадником міністра палива і енергетики, а також помічником депутата ЛюдмилиКириченко.
Читайте також: У справі Алєксєєв а немає інших фігурантів - Офісгенпрокурора 
Since 2014, Alekseev has been the Deputy Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada Committee on Legal Policy and Justice, and when he chose for the second time, from the European Passolidarity Party, he became the chairman of the subcommittee of law enforcement.
Alekseev is a deputy member of a permanent delegation in the Parliamentary Assembly.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731345-deputat-alekseev-vijsov-iz-sizo-pid-zastavu-u-22-miljona.html 
On the Right Bank of Kherson region, one settlement remains flooded 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T15:27:49+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T15:27:49+03:00
Description: In the Kherson region, one settlement remains flooded on the right bank of the Dnieper after blasting by the Russians. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['ДСНС', 'Херсонщина', 'Каховська ГЕС']
Type: Article
 The Ucherson region on the right bank of the Dnieper after blasting the Russian hydroelectric power station remains a flooded one settlement.
According to Ukrinform, it reports the State Service for Emergency Situations .
“As of 14:00 on July 4, 1 settlement remains flooded(1 house)On the right bank of the Dnieper River, ”the message reads.
Since the beginning of work on lines 101 and 112, 2 thousand 420 appeals of citizens have been received.
Read also: on Kherson region And most of the enemy shells will suffer the settlements that were flooded Water pumping works are carried out. Since the beginning of the day, 900 tonnes of 5 cellars were pumped. From the beginning of the work, 480 thousand 908 tons of water have been pumped out of 1 thousand40 buildings and basements.
22 tons of water were brought, 20 tons and 2 tons of technical water were brought out of them. In the beginning of the work - 1 thousand 126 tons of water, of which 803 tons and 323 tons of water are drinking.
As reported by Ukrinform, on the night of June 6, the Russian army undermined the Greblyukakhov Hydroelectric Power Plant, causing the flooding of part of the Kherson and Mykolaiv region and at the same time critical grounding of the Kakhovka reservoir.
Photo: SES
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731339-na-pravoberezzi-hersonsini-zalisaetsa-pidtoplenim-odin-naselenij-punkt.html 
In Tel Aviv, a man in a car knocked people down and pounced on passers -by with a knife - seven wounded 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T15:29:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T15:29:00+03:00
Description: In Tel Aviv, the car ran into pedestrians near a shopping center in Tel Aviv, after which the driver began to attack people with cold weapons. Seven people were injured as a result of the attack. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Аварія', 'Ізраїль', 'Напад']
Type: Article
 In Tel Aviv, the car ran into pedestrians near a shopping center in Tel Aviv, after which the driver began to attack people with cold weapons. Seven people were surprised as a result of the attack.
About it reports CNN , reports Ukrinform.
The arrival occurred on Pinhas Rosen Street in the northern part of Tel Aviv.
The police called the incident "terrorist attack ».
According to information, the attacker killed an armed civilian.
One of the victims, a 46-year-old woman, is in serious condition.
Spokesman Hamas Abdel Latif Al-Kanana approved the attack, but the organization is not directly responsible for the attack.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731044-v-aeroportu-izrailu-tisaci-ludej-protestuvali-cerez-sudovu-reformu-e-zatrimani.html)Doctors reported that they assist five wounded. The total number of surveys as a result of the attack is seven people.
Foto: Miriam Alter/Flash90 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731343-u-telavivi-colovik-na-avtomobili-zbiv-ludej-i-nakinuvsa-na-perehozih-iz-nozem-semero-poraneni.html 
The number of victims from shelling in Pervomaisky increased to 31 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T15:31:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T15:31:00+03:00
Description: The number of victims in Pervomaisky in Kharkiv region increased to 31, according to preliminary data of the investigation, the Russians struck the "Isandard". - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Харківщина', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The number of people in Pervomaisky in Kharkiv region increased to 31, according to previous investigations, the Russians struck the "Isandard".
This was reported in telegram The press service of the Kharkiv Regional Prosecutor's Office, reports Ukrinform.
“According to the investigation, on July 4, about 1:30 pm, the Russian soldiers were carried out by a rowed shelling residential micro -district in Pervomaisky. According to preliminary data, the Iskander rocket. Currently, there are 31 woundeds, including 10 children. The data is clarified, ”the presentation reads.
For Information Pervomaisk City Council, in the city there are serious damage to the housing stock. For residents whose housing was affected, they organize hot food and overnight in kindergartens.
Currently, the city has begun to eliminate the effects of the impact.
Read also: Army of the Russian Federation for a day attacked 11 regions of Ukraine - Razvivova First Deputy Mayor Anton Orekhov, reported that most of the victims in Pervomaisky in Kharkiv region were out of the debris of glass.
“There was an hit in the parking lot near the house. Thank God, there are no dead. The houses were damaged by the house. Most injured injuries are due to glass. The half -neighborhood is without windows and doors, they were taken out by an explosive wave, ”the official said.
According to Orekhov, it is still checked whether someone could be completely burned.
"We now have information that the cars stood on the parking lot," the mayor said.
He suggests that today's attack on the city is due to the fact that there was a panel of the dead warrior Oleg Fadeenko, who served in the special unit of GRA "Kraken", and later - in the 3rd separate assault brigade.
According to Orekhov, the distance from the place of blow to the place of farewell with the dead will be about a kilometer. Information on farewell to the dead is published in open sources - on the site of the City Council and on social networks of local authorities.
Video: _ Ministry of Internal Affairs _As reported by Ukrinform, about 13:35 July 4 Russians fired at the city Persvoimaisky . In the regional military administration, previously reported that the enemy used a fugitive ammunition. As of 14:35, 16 victims were known, Seven - Children(the smallest is 1 year).
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731350-kilkist-postrazdalih-vid-obstrilu-u-pervomajskomu-zrosla-do-31.html 
The Armed Forces operate very clearly and organized in the war with the Russians - Scholz 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T15:33:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T23:33:00+03:00
Description: German Chancellor Olaf Scholtz said Ukrainian soldiers were showing very clear and organized actions in the war with Russian invaders. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16846... ']
Tags: ['Україна', 'Шольц', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Chancellor Olaf Soltz stated that Ukrainian soldiers were demonstrating very clear tanked actions in the war with Russian invaders.
As Ukrinform reports, it reports CNN .
Speaking at a joint press conference with Romanian Prime Minister Marcelemcholak, Scholtz said "he never expected everything to change from day to day," but added that the Ukrainian forces planned operations "very purposefully."
Read also: Scholtz and Zelensky discussed the situation in Ukraine 
At the same time, Claka noted that Romania expected the conflict to end with Ukraine's contrast, but was forced to reckon with a larger conflict.
"While Ukraine is in a state of war, it cannot become a member of NATO," Scholt said, adding that NATO's membership criteria are "absence of open -headed conflicts."
However, according to him, it is important to "great practical support of Ukraine" on the part of Noto, which will continue in the future.
Read also: Scholtz is convinced that despite the protests of France is not threatening 
"Germany has created the conditions to even support Ukraine if it lasts for a long time," he said.
"Many countries will be able to assist within one, two, three, and if it is more than more years, because we do not know how long a long -term conflict," the head of the German government added.
As reported, chancellor SHOLC Tap President Zelensky called for a continuation of the Grain Agreement under the auspices of the UN after July 17, which helps to improve the global food situation.
The Federal Chancellor and the Ukrainian President have agreed to continue the constructive exchange of views, including with the purpose of global support, and maintain close contacts.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731520-zsu-u-vijni-z-rosianami-diut-duze-citko-ta-organizovano-solc.html 
In the south defense forces destroyed three boats and a field point of Russians 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T15:34:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T15:34:00+03:00
Description: In the south, the missile and artillery units of the Defense Forces of Ukraine were destroyed by half a hundred Russian military, felds of ammunition and three boats of the invaders. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16628... ']
Tags: ['Херсонщина', 'Війна з Росією', 'Південь України']
Type: Article
 The south-and-artillery units of the Defense Forces of Ukraine were destroyed by half of the hundreds of hundreds of military, felds of ammunition and three boats of the invaders.
According to Ukrinform, the operational command "South" reported on Facebook .
Також ракетно-артилерійськими підрозділами знищені три крупнокаліберні гарматитипу Д-20 і "Гіацинт" та три одиниці автомобільної техніки ворога.
Українською авіацією протягом доби атаковані два сектори зосередження живоїсили російських військ у Херсонському і Каховському районах.
Читайте також: На околицях Бахмут а прикордонники знешкодили ворожугрупу піхоти The situation in the area of responsibility of the South Defense Forces, according to command, has not undergone critical changes, remains stable and tense.
During the night, the Russian army struck two aviation strikes from the Su-35PE fighters of Beryslav and Kherson districts, dropping on them managed aviation bombs.
The enemy continues to use shock drones such as Lancet, directing them deeper into the rear from the front line. Yes, one "lancet" knocked out a silica defense in the Beryslav district.
Read also: in the Tavriysk direction there is a promotion, the Armed Forces of Vylirosian from a number of positions - Tarnavsky According to the OK South, more than 60 each 60 the Right Bank and the opposite side of the Kinburn Dnipro-Buzky estuary, using more than 310 shells, were erected.
Among the settlements from hostile shelling Kherson, Antonivka, Dniprovske and Stanislav were most affected.
As reported by Ukrinform, in the day the Russians 68 times fired at the Kherson region Six people were injured.
In the morning of July 4, the Russian army hit the artillery in Kherson by killing two civilians.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731353-na-pivdni-sili-oboroni-znisili-tri-covni-ta-polovij-punkt-rosian.html 
Explosions were reported in Donetsk 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T15:34:00
Location: Makiivka, Donetsk Oblast (Latitude:48.02024 Longtitude:37.87554)
Videos: []
Images: [" 22573732_0.jpg "]
Tags: []
Id: 22573732
Explosions were reported in Donetsk
 News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-explosions-were-reported-in-donetsk- 
News Source: https://t.me/lachentyt/31371 
In Ukraine this year, more than 18,000 transactions of sale of land - Minagro have been concluded 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T15:35:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T15:35:00+03:00
Description: In Ukraine, in the first half of 2023, 18 215 agreements of sale and sale of agricultural land were concluded. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Мінагро', 'Земельна реформа', 'Земля', 'Продаж', 'Ринок землі']
Type: Article
 In Ukraine, the first half of 2023 was concluded 18 215 agreements of the purchase and sale of agricultural areas.
This was stated by Deputy Minister of Agrarian Policy and Food of Ukraine from Digital Development, Digital Transformations and Digitalization Denisbashlyk during a press conference in Ukrinform.
"We have 18 215 transactions already(purchase and sale in the land market.)And we will understand that if the dynamics persists, it will be a good figure, "he said.
Bashlyk noted that in 2022 23 122 agreements of the purchase of selling land plots of agricultural purpose were concluded, with the market not work almost 4 months after the full -scale invasion of the Russian Federation. The deputy minister reminded that 27 696 agreements were concluded in 2021.
According to Bashlyk, this year in Ukraine the contracts of purchase and sale are enclosed 50 696 hectares of agricultural land(In 2022 -69 242 ha).
У січні-червні 2023 року у п'ятірку лідерів за кількістю угод на ринку землі Entered: Khmelnitskaya(2004 Agreements), Sumy(1752 Agreements), Vinnytsia(1653 Agreements), Poltava(1431 Agreement)Taadnipropetrovsk regions(1257 Agreements).
Читайте також: Рада прийняла закон , який уточнює права власника земельної ділянки The size of the area under which the agreement was concluded in the first half of this year, the leaders of the leaders entered: Dnipropetrovsk(6 792 GA), Poltava(4 989 GA), Kirovohrad(4 471 GA), Khmelnitskaya(4 198 GA)and Kharkiv regions(4 057).
Башлик додав, що Івано-Франківська область лідирує у І півріччі за рівнем цінна землю. У цьому регіоні 1 га землі сільськогосподарського призначення коштуєв середньому 75 175 грн. Торік Івано-Франківщина також очолила рейтингрегіонів з найдорожчими земельними ділянками із середньою ціною 99 549 грн загектар.
Як повідомляв Укрінформ, ринок землі в Україні офіційно стартував 1 липня 2021року. До 2024 року купувати сільськогосподарську землю можуть тільки фізособи-громадяни України з обмеженням у 100 гектарів. Закон про ринок землі забороняєкупувати землю іноземцям.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731347-v-ukraini-cogoric-uklali-ponad-18-tisac-ugod-kupivliprodazu-zemli-minagro.html 
Explosions were reported in Makiivka and Donetsk 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T15:35:29
Location: Makiivka,Donetsk Oblast (Latitude:48.06231 Longtitude:37.95257)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: []
Id: 22573729
Explosions were reported in Makiivka and Donetsk
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-explosions-were-reported-in-makiivka-and-donetsk- 
News Source: https://t.me/UkraineNow/35649 
Exports of agricultural products from Ukraine's seaports in a week decreased by 23% - UKAB 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T15:37:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T15:37:00+03:00
Description: Over the 48 weeks of the Grain Corridor, from June 26 to July 2, 2023, 275.7 thousand tons of agro -industrial products were exported through the seaports of the Odessa region, which is 23% less than in the previous week. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16805... ']
Tags: ['Мінагро', 'зерновий коридор', 'Агропродукція']
Type: Article
 During the 488th week of the Grain Corridor, from June 26 to July 2, 2023, 275.7 thousand tons of agro -industrial production were exported through the sea ports of the Odessa region, which is 23% less than in the previous week.
According to Ukrinform, it reports press service of the Ukrainian Clubagrarian Business .
Зазначається, що з 26 червня по 2 липня в українських морпортах булозавантажено 6 суден, які досі не пройшли необхідну інспекцію для продовженняруху далі до клієнтів та очікують її. Водночас знизилась кількість суден, щопройшли інспекцію на вхід. За минулий тиждень таких було 4 одиниці.
Читайте також: Зеленський очікує, що ЄС з вересня скасує обмеження наімпорт української агропродукц ії The UKAB emphasizes that the harvest began in Ukraine and in the near future the need for trouble -free export of agro -industrial products from Ukraine will significantly increase. Current rates of grain corridor remain unacceptable.
Most during the 48 weeks of "grain corridor" was exported: Corn(The share in the total export structure is 43%), wheat(23%)rusted oil(23%). Українська продукція була відправлена в країни: Азії(China, India and Turkey), Europe(Netherlands)and Africa(Jibuti).
Всього з початку роботи «зернового коридору» з 1 серпня 2022 року по 2 липня2023 року Україна експортувала 32,8 млн т продукції АПК.
Читайте також: Експорт агропродукц ії з морських портів України затиждень скоротився на 18% As reported by Ukrinform, Ukraine, the United Nations and Turkey, 18, 2023, agreed on the continuation of the Initiatives for the Secure Transportation of Agricultural Products through the Black Sea. The agreement was extended for 120 days, but the Russians stated that the agreement would be in force until May 18, 2023.
Viceremier-Minister of Recovery-Minister of Community Development, Territories of Tainfrastructure Alexander Kubrakov reported on May 17 that the agreement would be in force until July 18, 2023.
Photo: Minagro
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731349-eksport-agroprodukcii-z-morskih-portiv-ukraini-za-tizden-skorotivsa-na-23.html 
In the Lviv Regional Council, all 34 deputies of conscript age received the summons 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T15:39:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T15:39:00+03:00
Description: 34 deputies were received from the Lviv Regional Council today, July 4, before the session. These are all men of conscript age or those who have not yet mobilized. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16579... ']
Tags: ['Депутат', 'Львів', 'Повістка', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Ulvee Regional Council today, July 4, was awarded to the session of the centrifugal and social support for 34 deputies. These are all men of the prime age or those who have not yet mobilized.
About it in a comment to the correspondent of Ukrinform reported V.O. Heads of the Lviv Regional Council Yuri Kholod.
“Today was one of the unique events in Ukraine. We were approached by the Center for Support and Social Support. We agreed that they come here, and when the deputies register, they can give them a summons. I also got it. And 34 more deputies of the Lviv Regional Council, because part is already serving, the part is over 60 years of age. But each of us has an obligation and the ability to protect Ukraine, ”Kholod said.
Read also: in Lviv Deputies of the Regional Council before the session handing out the reports The Lviv Regional Council noted that there are 56 men among deputies. 13 from the beginning of full -scale war They mobilized, and nine deputies were older than 60 years.
As reported by Ukrinform, [in Lviv before the session of the regional council to the deputies handed over to the deputies]](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731276-u-lvovi-deputatam-oblradi-pered-sesieu-vrucili-povistki.html)to the military enlistment office.
According to the law, mobilization measures do not apply only to the deputies of the Sensory Council. Deputies of local and regional councils may call the Naugian service on a general basis.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731370-u-lvivskij-oblradi-povistki-otrimali-vsi-34-deputati-prizovnogo-viku.html 
Russia was deprived of the rights to hold a female CHE-2026 handball 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T15:46:22+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T15:46:22+03:00
Description: The European Federation of Handball (EHF) has reported that Russia had been deprived of the rights to hold the 2012026 European Championship. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['гандбол']
Type: Article
 European Handball Federation(Ehf)She reported that Russia has been deprived of the European Championships 2026 from handball.
This was reported press service EHF, reports Ukrinform.
“There was a focus on the situation with the women's Euro 2026, which was devoted to November 2021. After the meeting of the Executive Committee, a consultation was consulted by the Federation of Handball of Russia and it was decided to look for an alternative location of the tournament, ”the Federation said.
Read also: Determined all countries of the female World Cup Handball U As it was reported, the women's national team of Ukraine has been in the third basket of seizure to the World Handball Championship. Together with Ukraine, Serbia, Japan, Argentina, Greenland, Angola, China Ikamerun came to the third cor. The tournament will take place on July 6.
Photo: FSU
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731355-rosiu-pozbavili-prava-na-provedenna-zinocogo-ce2026-z-gandbolu.html 
Happens in life - GUR commented on night explosions in Moscow 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T15:53:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T15:53:00+03:00
Description: In the General Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine, night explosions in Moscow. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16746... ']
Tags: ['Міноборони', 'Розвідка', 'Війна з Росією', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 The Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine commented on the night explosions of the UMSKVI.
The representative of the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine Andriyyusov said on the air of the national marathon "The only news", reports Ukrinform.
“So it happens in life. If, for example, the Rashist 45 Brigade is specialized by diversions in the Ukrainian rear, it means that something can fly to Moscow, ”he said.
Read also: statement by Rudanova that the "Wagnerivtsi" will no longer fight in Ukraine, has a serious basis - GUR Yusov also emphasized that the Russian Federation is trying to stimulate their ordinary citizens in the occupied Mariupol.
"The invaders are trying to stimulate the resettlement of ordinary racists from the territory of the Russian Federation, to stimulate the purchase of housing by the same rashists in the Ukrainian Mariupol, whose land is imbued with the blood of Ukrainians - from Ukrainian protesters, and civilians," Yusov said.
Read also: Russian propagandists declared two whipped UAVs with supernova Moscow oy He stressed that these are regular crimes, the information of which is recorded. “Ukraine will return to Mariupol and other occupied territories. The criminals will be punished, ”the GUR spokesman said.
As reported by Ukrinform, the mayor of Mariupol of Donetsk region Vadim Boychenko showed that it would take about 20 years to fully restore the city.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731362-traplaetsa-u-zitti-gur-prokomentuvalo-nicni-vibuhi-v-moskvi.html 
In Estonia, a gala concert of the Odessa Opera "Suveooper 4.0" took place 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T15:54:39+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T15:54:39+03:00
Description: A gala concert of the Odessa Opera "Suveoooper 4.0" took place on the singing field of Wyatonia in Estonia. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Естонія', 'Концерт', 'Музика', 'Опера']
Type: Article
 The Willandi field in Estonia took place a gala concert of the Odessa Opera "Suveooper 4.0".
This was reported by the press service of the Ministry of Culture and Information Policy in telegram , reports Ukrinform.
"Gala-concert took place at the invitation of the artistic director of" Summer Research "Yuri Leiten, under the direction(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-opera)"Carmen" and "Seekers of Pearls" by J. Bizet, "Seville cirrny" by J. Rossini, "Don Juan" by VA Mozart and others, " -is in the message.
As it is noted, Arias from the first Ukrainian Opera "Zaporozhets behind the Danube" became Semen Gulak-Artemovsky, Nazar Stodolya Konstantininadankevich and Ukrainian folk music.
Read also: Lvivska Opera Introduced in Kyiv * updated * play " Zaporozhets by Danube * » Miroslav Skoryk's melody was performed by the Estonian Youth Symphony Orchestra.
As it was reported, the staff of the Odessa Opera and Ballet Theater [participated(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3725903-artisti-odeskoi-operi-vistupili-na-festivali-v-moldovi.html).
Foto: mkip 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3731363-v-estonii-vidbuvsa-galakoncert-odeskoi-operi-suveooper-40.html 
Ukrainians who worked in the CIS countries will calculate the length of service proportionally 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T15:55:48+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T15:55:48+03:00
Description: Following the denunciation of pension agreements with the Commonwealth States of Independent States, including the Russian Federation, the issue of proportional calculation of insurance experience will be settled. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15385... ']
Tags: ['Мінсоцполітики', 'Пенсія', 'СНД', 'Закон']
Type: Article
 The post -advantage of pension provision agreements with the states of independent states, including the Russian Federation, will be settled.
This is stated in the response of the Directorate of Social Insurance Development of Tapensory Support of the Ministry of Social Policy of Ukraine on the information of Ukrinform.
"The Ministry of Social Policy has developed a project of the Law of Ukraine" On Amendments to Certain Laws of Ukraine on Proportional Calculation of Insurance Service to Persons Behind Ukraine ". In particular, the project of the law is planned to regulate the proportional calculation of insurance experience to persons who worked in Ukraine in connection with the denunciation of agreements on pension Provision with the States Parties to the Commonwealth of Independent States, ”the message reads.
The said bill was registered in the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine on July 3, 2023, Register No. 9453.
On June 24, the Cabinet of Ministers adopted Resolution No. 639 “On termination of the agreement of the Government of Ukraine and the Government of the Russian Federation on work activity isocial protection(Introduced on January 14, 1993 in Moscow). Зазначена Угода середіншого регулювала питання взаємного зарахування трудового стажу, набутого узв'язку з трудовою діяльністю на територіях обох сторін.
Читайте також: Пенсі йна реформа: Шмигаль провів нараду щодовпровадження обов’язкових накопичень Pursuant to Article 13 of the Agreement, after the written notice of one of the parties, the agreement will be at least six months.
As of today, the Agreement between the Government of Ukraine and the Government of the Russian Federation proportional activity and social protection of citizens of Ukraine and Russia, which operate in the boundaries of the borders of their countries, is valid.
It was reported that the Cabinet of Ministers approved the bill regarding the termination of the agreement of Ukraine and Belarus on labor activity and social protection of workers outside their countries.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731364-ukraincam-aki-pracuvali-v-krainah-snd-obcisluvatimut-trudovij-staz-proporcijno.html 
Police are investigating more than 84,000 proceedings on Russian -Military Crimes - Zelensky 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T15:57:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T15:57:00+03:00
Description: In Ukraine, more than 84,000 criminal proceedings have been violated on Russian invaders, there are 1838 reports of suspicion. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Поліція', 'Воєнні злочини', 'Зеленський']
Type: Article
 More than 84,000 criminal proceedings have been violated in the Ukrainian in the Ukrainian crime, and 1838 reports of suspicion.
This was noted by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the speech At the event on the occasion of the National Police of Ukraine, Ukrinform reports.
“I am grateful to all investigators of the National Police of Ukraine - everyone and anyone who investigates criminal offenses, including military crimes. It already has more than 84 thousand such criminal proceedings and already 1838 proopidism, ”the Head of State said.
Derello: op 
Read also: [in Ukraine celebrate National National Police **(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731178-v-ukraini-vidznacaut-den-nacionalnoi-policii.html)In addition, the efforts of the National Police of Ukraine created a special base "Military Criminal", which included more than 200 thousand records of Russian people and military.
“To establish the full truth about the crimes of the invaders on our independent Ukrainian land is a fundamental prerequisite for attracted to full responsibility and Russia itself for aggression and terror. We have to do everything for this - for justice. And I am grateful to those who are approaching this time - time. It is obligatory for Russian criminals to be responsible for everything they have been against Ukraine and our people, ”the President emphasized.
Read also: Zelens What was awarded 13 police officers "Message" According to Zelensky, from February 24, 2022, when Russia launched a full -scale war against Ukraine, 507 Ukrainian police were celebrated by state awards.
“During this war - the wars for the freedom and independence of Ukraine - 507 Police were awarded state awards, 84 of them are posthumously. The title of the hero of Ukraine was assigned two police officers, one of them, unfortunately, posthumously, ”the Head of State said.
He thanked the staff of the National Police for the service of Ukraine and the Ukrainian people, everyone who participates in hostilities together with other warriors of the storage forces, who helps people and save lives after the strikes of Russian terrorists.Also present at the West paid a moment of silence to the memory of all Ukrainian police workers who died in Russia.
It was reported that the National Police Day is celebrated in Ukraine on July 4.
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731373-policia-rozslidue-ponad-84-tisac-provadzen-sodo-voennih-zlociniv-rosian-zelenskij.html 
There are 9 enemy attacks in the Bakhmut direction, on Marinski - 15 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T16:00:00-04:00
Description: About CED DOIMLAY GS ZS Ukrainian. “The opponent of ZoServilu is the basic zusille on ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the war with Ukraine 2022 last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia, and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, Will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 356227513_612425501070532_8508136626950614308_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'БАХМУТ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗС УКРАЇНИ', 'ЛИМАН', 'МАР’ЇНКА']
Category: News
 🔥 Situation on the Russian invasion about it reports General of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
“The enemy concentrates major efforts on Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions, and heavy fights are ongoing. More than 40 combat clashes were arrived during, ”the message reads.
It is noted that in the Bakhmut direction, under the tight fire of the enemy's Tarantillery, our defenders successfully repelled 9 attacks of the enemy in the Grigorivka, Bogdanivka, west Berry, Ivanovo and the Seven and Six-Eastern White Mountains of Donetsk region, and in the Mariinsky direction. Artillery, our defenders repelled 15 attractions in the city of Marinka.
Also in the Kupyansk and Liman directions the enemy actively inflicted Aviavajar, with our defenders successfully repelled 7 attacks by the enemy of the enemy south of the south of Novoselovsky, Novovodiy, west Dibrovy of the Lugansk region and the northeast of the Serebryansky forestry and near the Veselodonetsk region.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-vidbyto-9-atak-protyvnyka-na-maryinskomu-15/ 
Explosions were reported over Belgorod region 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T16:00:07
Location: Belgorod (Latitude:50.6401 Longtitude:36.59306)
Videos: []
Images: [" 22573737_0.jpg "]
Tags: ["Russia"]
Id: 22573737
Explosions were reported over Belgorod region
 News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-explosions-were-reported-over-belgorod-region- 
News Source: https://t.me/huyovy_kharkiv/115519 
Money, villas and yachts: Italy has already frozen € 2 billion of assets of Russian oligarchs 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T16:07:42+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T16:07:42+03:00
Description: Italy has frozen the assets of Russian oligarchs worth about 2 billion euros ($ 2.5 billion) after the invasion of Ukraine last year. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15846... ']
Tags: ['Італія', 'Олігархи', 'Активи']
Type: Article
 Italy -enameled assets of Russian oligarchs worth about 2 billion euros($ 2.5 billion)After the invasion of Ukraine last year.
As Ukrinform reports, it reports The Guardian . Italy has frozen assets, including bank accounts, luxurious villas, yachtita cars, within sanctions , EU imposed against the Kremlin and its supporters.
In its annual report department of combating money laundering(IIF)The bank stated that the figure of 2 billion euros was updated as of the end of June.
UIF Enzo Serati Director added that financial assets worth about 330 mlneurov related to 80 people were also frozen under the sanctions regime.
Read also: [European Commission has not yet found a mechanism how to use Russian asset ** and in the interests(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729861-evrokomisia-se-ne-znajsla-mehanizmu-ak-vikoristati-rosijski-aktivi-v-interesah-ukraini-solc.html)Prior to a full -scale war, in February 2022, the beaches and ports of Italy were a popular platform for wealthy Russians who bought real estate of the most difficult places, such as the area near Lake Komo, Sardinia, Tuscana and the Ligurian coast.
As reported by Ukrinform, in June, the United Kingdom adopted laws that will be released to keep sanctions against Russia until Moscow is paid to Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731371-grosi-villi-ta-ahti-italia-zamorozila-vze-2-milardi-aktiviv-rosijskih-oligarhiv.html 
Local budgets in June listed ₴ 24.3 billion 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T16:13:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T16:13:00+03:00
Description: In June 2023, local budgets received UAH 24.3 billion in the General Fund of the State Budget. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16065... ']
Tags: ['Бюджет', 'Мінфін', 'Гроші']
Type: Article
 In June 2023, local budgets received UAH 24.3 billion in transfers from the General State Budget Fund.
According to Ukrinform, it is reported press service of the Ministry of Finance .
"У червні 2023 року Мінфін згідно з бюджетним законодавством забезпечивперерахування міжбюджетних трансфертів місцевим бюджетам in the amount of UAH 24.3 billion, which is 88.3% of the appropriations provided, " - the message reads.
In particular, the basic subsidy was transferred in the amount of UAH 2.4 billion, or 100 % of the appropriation of appropriations, additional grants were transferred in the amount of more than UAH 1 billion.
It is noted that at the disposal of local self -government bodies, the territories on which they are conducted(It was kept)The fighting, or temporarily occupied territories, has reversed a reverse subsidy in the amount of UAH 242.3 million, which was continued to the state budget in wartime.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731242-do-zagalnogo-fondu-derzbudzetu-u-cervni-nadijslo-1337-milarda.html)The balances of funds in local budgets and budgetary institutions for general special funds for January - June 2023 increased by 54.3 billion and as of July 1, 2023 amounted to UAH 169.7 billion.
As reported by Ukrinform, local budgets in January - December 2022 received UAH 137 billion of transfers from the General Fund of the State Budget .
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731375-miscevim-budzetam-u-cervni-pererahuvali-243-milarda-minfin.html 
Naev: The Northern Border was exacerbated by personnel and equipment through events around ZPP 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T16:16:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T16:16:00+03:00
Description: In connection with the events around the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Station, they decided to strengthen the northern border of our country with both personnel and military equipment. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16837... ']
Tags: ['Сергій Наєв', 'Запорізька АЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 In connection with the events around the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Station, they decided to strengthen the northern border of our country as personnel and combat equipment.
This is stated in telegram Lieutenant-Lieutenant General Sergei Nayev, Ukrinform reports.
"In connection with the recent events around the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Station, a decision was made to strengthen the northern border of our country as a personnel and combat equipment," Naev said.
He stressed that the work in this direction has not stopped since then the enemy was used from the north, and continues to continue around the clock. In particular, according to its words, they build anti -tank barriers, the mine fields are equipped with the entire line of defense.
Video: Telegram Sergei Naev 
“Our intelligence works quite effectively. We have studied the enemy well and clear the situation on his plans. Our warriors have passed the combat coordination of Tagtov to destroy anyone who encroach on our territory, ”Naev added.
Read also: Ukraine discusses the possibility of attracting the US to the situation by ZPP As reported by Ukrinform, on March 4, 2022, the Russians occupied the ZPP.
On June 22, 2023, President Volodymyr Zelensky declared plans for a terrorist attack at the Zaporizhzhia NPP.
The Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Alexei Danilov stated that Ukraine is preparing for any scenarios for developments around Zaporizhzhya AAZ. 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731377-pivnicnij-kordon-posilili-osobovim-skladom-ta-bojovou-tehnikou-cerez-podii-navkolo-zaes-naev.html 
Russia hit the Kharkiv region with the S-300 air defense system. Some of the rockets exploded... 
Authors: liveuamap (Language: en)
Time: 2023-07-04T16:18:21
Location: Belgorod (Latitude:50.64075 Longtitude:36.59975)
Videos: []
Images: []
Tags: ["Russia", "Europe"]
Id: 22573738
Russia hit the Kharkiv region with the S-300 air defense system. Some of therockets exploded in the Belgorod region, - Serhiy Melnyk, the head of theKharkiv military garrison, reports
News Collection Link: https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/4-july-russia-hit-the-kharkiv-region-with-the-s300-air-defense 
News Source: https://t.me/ukrinform_news/103898 
In Uzhgorod, the minisculput will be established by a police officer 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T16:27:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T16:27:00+03:00
Description: In Uzhgorod, at the National Police Day, a stone was laid at the place where the police officer will be installed. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Поліція', 'Ужгород', 'Закарпаття', 'Скульптура']
Type: Article
 In Uzhgorod, a stone was laid on the National Police Day at the place where the police officer will be established.
About it in Facebook The Transcarpathian Regional Council reported, Ukrinform reports.
"Today before the National Police of Ukraine on the territory of the Patrolial Department police In the city of Uzhgorod, a mortgage stone was set up to the future sculpture of the police officer "Artillery Victory", "the message reads.
The idea of sculpture It belongs to Professor National University Fyodor Shandor, who is currently serving the UZS. According to him, it will be the 60th minisculpture in Uzhgorod.
Read also: Zelensky awarded 13 police * Order * "For Courage **" A number of patrol officers on this day in Uzhgorod received honors and new -specific titles. From the front, the head of the patrol police of Zakarpattya Valery Nyman turned to them.
As it was reported, July 4 in Ukraine celebrate National Police Day . Photo: Transcarpathian Regional Council/Facebook
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731380-v-uzgorodi-vstanovlat-miniskulptura-policejskomu.html 
Zelensky participated in the opening of the Center for Strategic Analysis and Forecasting 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T16:29:12+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T16:29:12+03:00
Description: President Volodymyr Zelensky took part in the celebrations for the National Police of Ukraine and the opening of the Center for Strategic Analysis and Forecasting of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['МВС', 'Поліція', 'Зеленський']
Type: Article
 The Presidential Lordir Zelensky took part in the celebrations for the National Police Day of Ukraine and in the opening of the Center for Strategic Analysis and Forecasting of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine.
About it reports press service of the Head of State , reports Ukrinform.
“The time of a full -scale war shows the true meaning and power of many things, Ioda of such things is the service of the state. In spite of everything to protect the state, there is a half to protect people, while taking care of safety on the streets of our cities and villages. I am grateful for the effective work of the national police of Ukraine and for your service to the state, ”said Zelensky, addressing the police.
At the same time, the President emphasized that people expect the National Police of several components: legality, justice, timely assistance, humanity in attitude, understanding of the emotions of those who seek help with the help or to whom the police are seeking.
“When people see police officers, they always see the state. You are our lock. The Ukrainian police are able to be professional, can save from evil, can turn justice. And I wish you all to be always so - they are always able to guarantee Ukraine and Ukrainians order, safety, and Ukrainians will always be grateful for it. We take care of Ukraine, our country, all our people!” Said Zelensky.
[Head of State presented state awards of Ukraine]](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731334-zelenskij-nagorodiv-13-policejskih-ordenom-za-muznist.html). According to OP, 10 Police received orders "for courage" of the third degree.
At the Center for Strategic Analysis and Forecasting of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the President was introduced to the situation center.
Interior Minister Igor Klimenko informed about the work of the Safe Country Analytical Center and the Unified Integration Platform of the Ministry of Internal Affairs, which, in particular, contains a video surveillance system, data on the operation of checkpoints of weapons, detection of cheat, counter -fraud.

Read also: in Uzhgorod will set the minisculture police Eyan In the dispatching room, the Minister spoke about the benefits of introducing a single system of calling emergency services in the territory of Ukraine.
As it was reported, in Ukraine on July 4 celebrates National Police Day. The holiday is set in 2018.
Foto: op 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731382-zelenskij-uzav-ucast-u-vidkritti-centru-strategicnogo-analizu-ta-prognozuvanna-mvs.html 
None of the Himars systems have not been hidden - painter 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T16:29:20+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T16:29:20+03:00
Description: None of the United States of America transferred by Himars of HIMARS has yet been hidden by the United States of America. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16628... ']
Tags: ['Міноборони', 'США', 'Війна з Росією', 'Ганна Маляр', 'HIMARS']
Type: Article
 None of the United States of America of the Himars reactive systems of America has not been hugged by Russian invaders.
The Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Anna Malyar said this in telegram On the occasion of the US Independence Day, Ukrainian reports.
"Our congratulations on Independence Day to the American people!Thank you for the unchanged support, which helps us to choose our freedom, to destroy the enemy of the puzzle protection of common values," she said.
Thus, according to the painter, one of the most powerful manifestations of support provided by the means of Ukraine is the reactive system of volley fire of American production of M142 Himars, developed in the late 90's as a facilitated wheel version270.
Read also: Zaluzhny praised work Himars in Ukraine In its Himars arsenal, it has a large number of different ammunition: unusual unmanaged to high-precision ballistic missiles with GPS navigation.
Ammunition and range of their lesions: MLRS - 45 km, GMLRS - 70 km, Er GMLRS - 1550 km, ATACMS - 300 km, PRSM experimental missile - 499 km.
According to the Deputy Minister, the emergence of American "Himars" in June2022 was an unpleasant surprise for the Russian military. Yes, it turned out that all logistics paths, ammunition depots and dislocation places are in the area of lesions of the jet system.
Read also: every US assistance package is an investment in peace: Ukraine greet the US on the day unleash harness "After frightened and feeling the first huge losses, the invaders started hunting onhimars'i. But so far no one was caught. Due to the maximum speed of 85 km/h Himars is able to unfold, shoot and leave the position in less than 1 min. Shoot-And-Scoot tactics(Shoot-and-Tikai)which significantly reduces the chances of being discovered and impressed, "the official added."For Ukrainian military" Himars "have become a real weapon of victory." One rocket is one destroyed purpose "is an unattainable result for outdated Soviet counterparts," the representative [Ministry of Defense] emphasized(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-minoboroni).
Read also: States will support Ukraine until Russia is a detachable army - the Ministry of Defense The US Independence Day was reported annually on July 4. Saintly established in honor of the adoption of the Declaration of Independence of the United States from Great Britain, which became one of the central moments of the American Revolution 1275-1783.
The Declaration became the first document in history to proclaim the principle of seventhicality as the basis of the state system.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731383-zodnu-iz-sistem-himars-rosiani-dosi-ne-vpoluvali-malar.html 
In intelligence, it is believed that Prigogine will be in Belarus, but will not be based 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T16:35:19+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T16:35:19+03:00
Description: The representative of the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine Andriy Yusov suggests that the leader of PEC "Wagner" Yevgeny Prigogin will be in Belarus, but will not use this country for constant base of "Wagner". - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16881... ']
Tags: ['Білорусь', 'Розвідка', 'ПВК "Вагнера"', 'Війна з Росією', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 The representative of the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine Andriy Yusova predees that the leader of PEC "Wagner" Yevgeny Prigogin will be in Belarus, Alena will use this country to constantly base the Wagner.
Yusov expressed this opinion on the air of the nationwide TEMACHPON "Yudinnovina", Ukrinform reports.
“As for Prigogine in Belarus, it is obvious that he will be there. You can talk about the transfer of a legal address, the use of Belarus of certain logistics hub or for transfer to other directions and other continents. I think Africa is too early to write off. But to talk about the personnel of the PEC " Wagner », Forces and means are relocated to Belarus while it is too early. The larger is such information activities that should show the observance of the quietness, which were voiced by the results of the latest events, marches of the tazokolots, ”said a representative of the Main Intelligence Directorate.
Read also: threat from Belarus permanent, " Wagner Ivtsi" can make a group for invasion - military Answering the question of why the leader of PEC "Wagner" chose the RB, Window: "There can be not much options. For example, Germany or France will agree, like many other countries with democratic governments. Semiotic Korea will probably not agree at the Wagner PEC itself. Therefore, there is not so much variant. "
As reported by Ukrinform, the leader of the Wagner PEC Yevgeny Prigogin on June 23 announced Demarsh Against the Russian military protection, in particular against the Minister of Defense of the Russian Federation Sergei Shoig.
As a result of the offensive, the Wagner PEC column reached the Lipetsk region of Russia, which is 420 kilometers from Moscow.
Oleksandr Lukashenko negotiated with Prigogin, after which the last asserted that the group fighters were returning to the field camps.
Later, the FSB investigative department terminated the criminal case on armed stall.
Read also: in Belarus can be placed up to eight thousand " Wagner tsiv" - border guards On June 26, the Russian President Volodymyr Putin called on the Russian President of the Russian Federation to sign a contract with the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation or other power organs, return to relatives or "go to Belarus".
Belaruski Gayun reported that on Tuesday morning Prigogine landed Uzhilorus. Lukashenko confirmed that Prigogine was in Belarus, and also asserted that Belarusians may be enrolled in the PVC, but there would be no separate quenching.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731386-u-rozvidci-vvazaut-so-prigozin-u-bilorusi-buvatime-ale-ne-bazuvatimetsa.html 
Serbian coach Lalatovich headed Zorya 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T16:37:27+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T16:37:27+03:00
Description: Zorya announced the appointment of Non -Lalatovich by the head coach. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Футбол', 'Зоря']
Type: Article
 Zorya announced the appointment of Non -Lalatovich by head coach.
This was reported by the team press service in Instagram , reports Ukrinform.
The last club of the 45-year-old Serb was "Mladat", in which he spent 10 matches flew from the country's higher division.
Before that, the specialist headed "Radnichki", "Borats", "Al-Batin", "Voidvodin", the national teams of Serbia U-21 and U-20, "Chukarychyk", "Tsirven Star", "Zradak", "Counter" and " Proletter. "
Read also: Football Dynamo "is new game numbers As reported, Zori Emerner Patrick Van Leuven left the team and headed Shakhtar.
The Luhansk Club guaranteed himself in the group stage of the CLOs, having got into the round of the playoffs of the Europa League.
Photo: FC Radnichki
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731387-serbskij-trener-lalatovic-ocoliv-zoru.html 
On the roof of several power units of the Russian NPP, Russians placed objects similar to explosives - Zelensky 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T16:38:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T23:38:00+03:00
Description: On the roof of several units of Zaporizhzhya NPPs, the Russians placed objects similar to explosives. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16626... ']
Tags: ['Зеленський', 'Запорізька АЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 On the Dakhukolkov units of Zaporizhzhya NPPs, the Russians placed objects similar to the skills.
About it during video address President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said, Ukrinform reports.
"About the situation at the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Station. The whole world now has to be aware that common safety depends entirely on global attention to the domestic attention at the station. Russia must be clear All in the world, and the nuclear power plant must be completely protected by any radiation incidents, "Vladimir Zelensky said.
Read also: [the world sees that the only source of danger to the Essame Russia is(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731547-svit-bacit-so-edinim-dzerelom-nebezpeki-dla-zaes-e-same-rosia-prezident.html) 
The President recalled that on July 4, exactly 16 months, as Russian invaders are fully controlled by the NPP. He noted that each country has its own intelligence opportunities to get information about what is really going on and who is responsible
"Now from our intelligence we have information that on the roof of several Gergers of the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Station, Russian military placed-ledmen, similar to explosives. Perhaps to mimic the stroke on the station. They may have some other scenario. But in any case the world sees the world. - And cannot be seen!- that the only source of danger to the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Station of Essama Russia, and no one else, "the President said.
The head of state recalled that the world did not respond to the terrorist attack of the Anti -Kakhovsky hydroelectric power plant in time.
Read also: Zelensky reported Macron about possible Russian provocations for ZPP 
"And it can inspire the Kremlin to a new evil. Stop it is the duty of all the Sviti. No one can stay away, because radiation leaves no one," the President said.
As reported by Ukrinform, on March 4, 2022, the Russians seized the ZPP. On June 22, 20123, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced Russia's plans to arrange a terract at the station.
The Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Alexei Danilov reported that Ukraine is carefully preparing for any scenarios for the development of the events of the Zaporozhye NPP.On June 30, the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense reported that the Russian contingent gradually leaves the territory of the Zaporozhye nuclear power plant.
At the end of June 2023 in the Nikolaev, Kherson, Zaporizhzhya, Dnipropetrovsk regions, large -scale exercises of emergency services for the consequences of a possible terrorist attack at the ZPP.
On July 4, the Armed Forces of Ukraine officially warned about the possible preparation of Russian invaders of provocation at the Zaporizhzhia NPP.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731549-zelenskij-na-dahu-kilkoh-energoblokiv-zaes-rosiani-rozmistili-predmeti-shozi-na-vibuhivku.html 
The UN Council will hold an urgent meeting due to the burning of the Qur'an in Sweden 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T16:40:10+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T16:40:10+03:00
Description: The UN Human Rights Council will hold an urgent meeting on the burning of the Qur'an near the mosque in the capital of Sweden at the request of Pakistan. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['ООН', 'Права людини', 'Швеція', 'Коран']
Type: Article
 The UN Council of Pakistan's request will hold an urgent meeting for burning a corn near the mosque in the capital of Sweden.
About it reports Al Jazeera , reports Ukrinform.
The discussion is expected to be held at the end of this week, the Council representative said.
It was reported the Swedish authorities gave permission To carry out a demonstration near the mosque of Zoslan on June 28-on the day of the Muslim holiday of Kurban Bayram, during which a copy of the Koran was burned. This has caused condemnation from several states, including Turkey, whose support is needed Sweden to join NATO .
Although the Swedish police have rejected several recent applications for display, the courts have canceled these decisions, stating that they were breaching freedom. The government of Sweden condemned the burning of the Qur'an near the main sight -hole, calling it a "Islamophobic" act.
Read also: in the EU condemned the action with burning Qur'an in Sweden On Sunday, the Islamic group of 57 states stated that the necessary collective measures to prevent the acts of abuse over the Quran, and international law must be used to stop religious hatred.
Foto: Representation of Ukraine at the UN Department_
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731388-rada-oon-provede-terminove-zasidanna-cerez-spalenna-koranu-u-svecii.html 
At the gas station began to rise in the car 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T16:42:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T16:42:00+03:00
Description: In Ukraine, from July 3 to July 4, 2023, the average retail price for a motorway increased by 17 cents - to 22.98 UAH/l. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16790... ']
Tags: ['АЗС', 'Ціни', 'Автогаз']
Type: Article
 In Ukraine, 3 to July 4, 2023, the average retail price for a motorway increased by 17 kopens - to 22.98 UAH/l.
As Ukrinform reports, it reports Enkorr .
"Recruitment(from 3 to 4 July) Autogas On average, the country has grown up by 17 cents, its average price now makes 22.98 UAH/l, ”the message reads.
It is noted that the largest price is fixed at the Luxwen gas station - by 1,10 UAH/l - up to 22.29 UAH/l. The minimum car gap at the ChiPO gas station, where a liter of this type of fuel was riddled by 13 cents - up to 22.38 UAH/l.
54, 56 and 42 pennies per liter - up to 23.70 UAH/l, 24.12 UAH/l and 24.08 UAH/l respectively at the UPG, OKKO, WOG, WOG, WOG, WOG and other highGAZ.
Read also: Cancel tax privileges for * fuel *: what will with market and prices ** At the same time, most networks have reflected from raising the price of autogas, Avostokgaz even reduced it by 50 kopecks/l.
As reported by Ukrinform, the average price for liquefied gas per weekend(From June 30 - July 3)In the gas station networks increased by 0.88 UAH/l - to 22.81 UAH/l.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731390-na-azs-pocav-dorozcati-avtogaz.html 
The IAEA inspection was successfully conducted at Rivne NPP 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T16:45:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T16:45:00+03:00
Description: The Rivne NPP conducted an inspection of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) for the absence of unable nuclear material. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_14745... ']
Tags: ['Енергетика', 'МАГАТЕ', 'Рівненська АЕС']
Type: Article
 The NPP was inspected by the International Atomic Energy Agency(IDA)in the absence of unable nuclear material.
According to Ukrinform, it reports State Inspectorate of Nuclear Regulation .
“From June 26 to July 3, 2023, the Inspectorate of the International Atomic Energy Agency as part of Ukraine and [IAEA] was successfully conducted at Rivne NPP.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-magate)in connection with the non -proliferation of nuclear weapons. The audit was carried out by inspectors of the Agency with the participation of the Inspector of the State Social Registration, ”the message reads.
It is noted that the purpose of the inspections is to check the absence of non -detected nuclear materials and information about the design of the nuclear installation, which was provided by Ukraine in accordance with the Agreement. The inspection was without remarks.
Read also: [at the Chernobyl and Rivne NPPs there was a rotation(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704864-na-cornobilskij-ta-rivnenskij-aes-vidbulasa-rotacia-misij-magate.html)It was reported that from 10 to 16 June 2023 at a separate unit(In)Rivne NPP was conducted inspection of the International Badge Agency(IDA)in the absence of unable nuclear material.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731393-na-rivnenskij-aes-uspisno-proveli-inspekciu-magate.html 
Kvasnevsky spoke about the role of Volyn tragedy for Ukraine and Poland 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T16:48:41+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T16:48:41+03:00
Description: Kyiv and Warsaw cannot avoid the topic of complex history, but it should not be the main one in bilateral relations. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Польща', 'Україна', 'Ексгумація', 'Волинська трагедія']
Type: Article
 Kiev Ivarshava cannot avoid the topic of complex history, but it should not be become in bilateral relations.
On this in interview Ukrinform Poland's expanser Alexander Kwasnevsky emphasized, talking about the 80th anniversary of the Volinsky tragedy.
"This topic cannot be avoided, but it also cannot be a major two-way relationship," Kwasnevsky emphasized.
He noted that on the 60th anniversary of this crime(In 2003 - ed.)Ukrainian and Polish sides organized memorial events in Pavlovka(Volyn region - ed.).
“Мені здається, що на 80-річчя цих трагічних подій I must say the words that said the head of the Verkhovna Rada Ruslantefanchuk during a speech in the Diet(May 25 in Warsaw - ed.). Це має бути спільне вшанування жертв,підкреслення, що таке ніколи не може повторитися, і заклик до дій зарадипримирення”, - наголосив експрезидент РП.
Він висловив сподівання, що на дипломатичному рівні, між канцеляріямиПрезидентів України й Польщі ведеться робота, "аби знайти в цьому році розумнуформулу вшанування жертв”.
Читайте також: Посол відреагував на слова речника МЗС Польщі про те, якУкраїна має вибачитися за Волинську трагедію In Poland, the 80th anniversary of the Volyn tragedy at the state level will be celebrated on July 11.
It is known that the topic of the Volyn tragedy is one of the most controversial in Ukrainian-Polish relations. The views of Kiev and Warsaw on the reasons, responsibility and number of victims on both sides are somewhat different. Polish The party insists that the responsibility for the crime, committed in 1943-1944 in Volyn, the Nesev-Ukrainian side, instead the Ukrainian side assures that the responsibility is carrying both sides and the apology should be mutual.
The theme of the Volyn tragedy in recent years is now actively using Russian propaganda to quarrel Ukraine and Poland.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731394-kvasnevskij-vislovivsa-pro-rol-volinskoi-tragedii-dla-ukraini-j-polsi.html 
Zelensky congratulated the US on Independence Day: for us honor to be allies 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T16:53:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T16:53:00+03:00
Description: President Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated the United States of America on Independence Day and assured that in the coalition of free and bold US can always count on Ukraine-Union. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16882... ']
Tags: ['США', 'День Незалежності', 'Зеленський']
Type: Article
 The Presidential Divine Zelensky congratulated the United States of America on Independence Day, that in the coalition of free and bold United States can always count on the Ukrainian Union.
Video address The head of the Ukrainian state published a lot of pages on social networks to the American Narode on the occasion of the national holiday.
“Happy July 4, American!Only the bold gained independence, and Lyshenayae from the brave are able to pass freedom from generation to generation. For the sake of honor - to be an ally of such a dream, courage and freedom, ” - said Zelensky.
_Video: publish
He emphasized that nowadays Ukrainian courage acquires US weapons to democracy, which Ukrainians and Americans value equally.
Also, according to him, Ukrainian love with the support of the United States has lit a new -powerful flame in our part of Europe, which will not go out and guarantees that everyday will never go through Europe again. And, therefore, Europe will not require the intertwined American soldiers in bloody battles for freedom.
Read also: US for Ukraine is the "Strategic Friend number one" -Markarov At the same time, the President stressed that the Ukrainian dream of living freely when it is crowned with a victorious and unprovable war , started by Russia, will give freshness to American leadership.
“The world sees now as clearly as possible: who with Ukraine is for freedom. And the afternoon victory will be convinced again: who appreciates freedom - he always prompts, ”Zelensky is convinced.
It has been reported that the Independence Day of the United States is celebrated on July 4.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731396-zelenskij-privitav-ssa-z-dnem-nezaleznosti-dla-nas-cest-buti-souznikami.html 
Kravchuk officially became a player of "Minai" 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T17:00:53+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T17:00:53+03:00
Description: Central defender Yuri Kravchuk has made a full transition to Minaj. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Футбол', 'Минай']
Type: Article
 Central defender Yuri Kravchuk has made a full transition to Minaj.
This was reported press service Uzhgorod, Ukrinform reports.
Last season, a 29-year-old football player advocated a rental team, Azaraz signed a contract for 2 years.
Read also: [Serbian coach Lalatovich headed Dawn]](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731387-serbskij-trener-lalatovic-ocoliv-zoru.html)For Minaj Kravchuk, he spent 16 matches, marking two goals.
Photo: pfclviv.com
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731397-kravcuk-oficijno-stav-gravcem-minau.html 
In Russia, the Mig-31 fighter fell again 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T17:04:38+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T17:04:38+03:00
Description: In the Far East of Russia, during the execution of a training flight, the Mig-31 fighter was crashed. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_14932... ']
Tags: ['Аварія', 'Росія', 'Винищувач']
Type: Article
 The Mig-31 crash was experienced by the East of Russia during the performance of the training flight.
As Ukrinform reports, it reports in Telegram-channel Russian State Inform Agency with reference to the Pacific Fleet of the Russian Federation. “The MiG-31 fighter has experienced crashes During the study of a training flight in the Kamchatsk region, ”the testimony reads.
It is specified that the aircraft was flying without a ammunition, search and rescue forces were sent to the scene.
MiG-31 is a double-volume fighter-interceptor of a distant radius.
Read also: [in Belarus the Russian Mi-24 helicopter crashed(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726356-u-bilorusi-rozbivsa-rosijskij-vertolit-mi24.html)According to Ukrinform, the planes of this model regularly undergo accidents in Russia. For example, there was a fall in the Far East in December 2022. The Mig-31 RF-31 in the end of April 2023.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731399-u-rosii-znovu-vpav-vinisuvac-mig31.html 
In the Ministry of Health will develop a protocol of treatment of game addiction 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T17:06:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T17:06:00+03:00
Description: A clinical instruction of game dependence is developed, which will be the basis for the development and implementation of a protocol of treatment of game dependence. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_14800... ']
Tags: ['Казино', 'МОЗ', 'Хвороба', 'Гра']
Type: Article
 A clinical instruction of game dependence is developed, which will be the basis for the development and implementation of the protocol of treatment of game dependence.
About it reports Ministry of Health , reports Ukrinform.
"Clinical instruction is based on evidence -based medicine on the effectiveness of the safety(standard)Treatment of game dependence, " - the message reads.
The document was developed as part of a large -scale study of gambling games (Ludomania), which was conducted by the experts, sociologists and scientists of the Central Repeated Game Center(RGC)and Institute of Psychiatry, Forensic Psychiatric Expertise and Drug Monitoring of the Ministry of Health of Ukraine.
In particular, the study studied players' game behavior and the portraits of the Ukrainian player: "Drobber", "Problematic", "Pathological".
Read also: gambling business Activated payment taxes start investigation Baby The validized test was also developed(questionnaire)Self -diagnosis for the player to the early detection of problems with gambling and prepared clinical treatment for game addiction.
As reported by Ukrinform, in the spring of 2023 the Public Union of the Central Game Center under the auspices of the Ministry of Health of Ukraine and with the assistance of FAVBET initiating a large -scale study in the field of game dependence . It was held exclusively among people who directly play gambling as a casino or slot rooms, such on the Internet. Respondents were also persons suffering from a brand.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731400-u-moz-rozroblat-protokol-likuvanna-igrovoi-zaleznosti.html 
Explosions in Crimea will stop when the Russians go from there - intelligence 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T17:10:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T17:10:00+03:00
Description: Explosions in the temporarily occupied Crimea indicate that his release is approaching. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16601... ']
Tags: ['Крим', 'Розвідка', 'Вибух']
Type: Article
 Explosions of the occupied Crimea indicate that his release is approaching.
About it in ether The national marathon "Unified News" said the representative of the Main Department of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine Andriy Yusov, Ukrinform reports.
"If we talk about explosions in Sevastopol, why complain?(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-krim)is approaching. We will not comment more, of course, "Yusov said.
He added that the GUR may state that the peace and lack of explosions of the shelter will be when Russian invaders will go away from there.
Read also: in Crimea Occupants massive set * systems alert - Movement " " » "By that time, the occupying administration is in the occupied territories for everything that is happening in the occupied territories," the GUR spokesman said.
As it was reported, June 22 in Dzhanka in the temporarily occupied Crimean explosions , occupation administrations were hidden.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3731407-vibuhi-u-krimu-pripinatsa-koli-rosiani-zvidti-pidut-rozvidka.html 
EU condemned political repression in 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T17:14:25+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T17:14:25+03:00
Description: Recent events in Russia testify to the continuation of repression and oppression against any criticism and the attack on human rights, which is why the EU urges the Kremlin to fulfill its own international obligations and release political prisoners. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15623... ']
Tags: ['Права людини', 'Репресії', 'Росія']
Type: Article
 The recent events in Russia testify to the continuation of repression and oppression against any criticism and the offensive of human rights, and therefore the EU calls for Kremlin to have its own international obligations and release political prisoners.
According to Ukrinform, this is stated in the statement of the EU spokesman published on The site of the European Foreign Action Service.
“The Russian authorities continue systematic oppression and ignoring human rights. Repressive legislation and politically motivated are judged in order to break those who raise their voice against the criminal uniform war Against Ukraine, stands for democracy and human rights in Russia, ”the statement emphasizes.
In particular, the spokesman reminded that the Russian human rights activist and co -founding "Memorial" Oleg Orlov was convicted of "for discrediting Russian forces" as a result of his critical attitude to the war in Ukraine, Tasquecid Russia, in accordance with the Russian Constitution, withdrawing criminal accusations.
“Opposition policies and activist in the fight against corruption Alexei Navalial will be judged by new fabricated charges of“ extremism ”and he is giving a new ten -year term of imprisonment. The court hearings were trapped by the door, in violation of the rights of Navalny into a fair court. We will repetition our call for the immediate and unconditional release of Alexeavna. The Russian authorities are responsible for its safety of the podor, ”the document reads.
Read also: in the Russian Federation Valn Os began to judge another case -about "extremism" According to the spokesman, another manifestation of intimidations and threats is today's attack by journalist Elena Milashin and at the lawyer of Alexander Nemov in the Grozny, students. This is another episode in a series of human rights violations and intrusion of anti -social society in Russia.According to Russian media , in Chechnya today there was an attack on the journalist of "New Gazeta" Elena Milashin and lawyer Nemova's lawyer. Both were brutally beaten. The journalist has a brain concussion. The lawyer was stabbed during the attack.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731405-es-zasudiv-politicni-represii-u-rosii.html 
Injured in Pervomaisky a 10-month-old child is in intensive care 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T17:20:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T17:20:00+03:00
Description: One of the wounded as a result of Russian shelling of Pervomaisky child is in intensive care: the condition of a 10-month-old boy was stabilized. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16547... ']
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Харківщина', 'Війна з Росією', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 One of the Russian firing of the Pervomaisky child is urgent: the condition of a 10-month-old boy was stabilized.
Oleg Synigubov, the head of Kharkiv Oleg Synigubov, said this on the national telephone "Unified News", Ukrinform reports.
“This is an exclusively residential area. There are no industrial ones, and even more so there are no military personnel. There are currently 31 victims. The condition of the 10 -month -old man, which was taken to intensive care, has already been stabilized, ” - said Syengubov.
In his telegram He clarified that other children had suffered light shrapnel, clogging and scratches.
According to OVA, nine dwellings have been damaged, which is a home that has 2000 people.
Video: Ministry of Internal Affairs 
“The SES units will still explore these buildings on the facts of possible violation of constructive elements. And after that we will make a decision to return to the residence. Also, at each entrance, the GUNP employees of the Vharkiv region are on duty to ensure order. The residents of the affected homes are to get a temporary apartment in Pervomaisky. In addition, there are places of Kharkiv, where you can evacuate. Currently, a survey of the population is being conducted and the transportation of products is organized. Local authorities keep communication with residents, ”Synugubov said.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731352-sered-gospitalizovanih-u-pervomajskomu-pisla-rosijskogo-obstrilu-dvoe-nemovlat.html)As reported by Ukrinform, around 13:35 on July 4 the Russians fired at the city Persvoimaisky . According to the Prosecutor's Office, the Russians used the Iskander rocket. It is known about the 31 respects, including nine children. The city damages the glazing, balconies and doors of nine multi -storey buildings. In addition, the four -car was burned, as well as one car is damaged.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731425-poranena-v-pervomajskomu-10misacna-ditina-perebuvae-v-reanimacii.html 
Newspapers in front -line and deocal territories operate in economical mode - NSFU 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T17:24:20+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T17:24:20+03:00
Description: One or two people operate in the front-line and de-checked territories in the front-line and deocal territories. The average salary (where it is paid at all) is 8 thousand UAH. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['НСЖУ', 'Гроші', 'Преса', 'Газета']
Type: Article
 In each four edition in the frontal and deocal territories, one or two people work on the creation of a gas(Where it is paid at all)- 8 thousand UAH.
About it reports Ukrinform with reference to research National Union of Journalists of Ukraine.
As noted in NSU , almost abysses recognize that without the help of international financial donors, they were bumited to close.
It is reported that the National Union of Journalists with the support of the project "Increasing the sustainability of Ukrainian media", which is performed(Irmi)In partnership with Fondation Hirondellez for Swiss Solidarity financial support, she conducted a study of local newspaper needs in the frontal tadeo -corresponding territories of Ukraine.
Read also: [from the beginning of a full -scale invasion in Ukraine, 56 journalists have been killed - NSU (https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3704123-vid-pocatku-povnomasstabnogo-vtorgnenna-v-ukraini-zaginuli-57-zurnalistiv.html)“The Ukrainian press in the frontline and de -industrial territories is a symbolic union, faith, inspiration for Ukrainians to fight and victory. Now in the frames where there are problems with communications, traditional print names, which are trusted by locals, receive second breath. The National Union of Journalists of Ukraine thanks the teams of the frontline media for their efforts will make their best to help them find the opportunity to survive the difficult warriors and enter peaceful in peacetime stronger, renovated and ready for a decent response to the challenges of time, ”said NSU Head.

“We sought to convey the voices of journalists from the border and de -mentioned territories to the general public. The editor of one of the publications from the border areas of Sumy region said: “The central TV channels will not come to, and if they come, these are single cases. And we not only work here, we live. Here, in the gray area, people also live. And they need not only bread but also information. " As for me, it is a very important idea that is the characterization of the editorial boards from the border and de -industrial territories, ”the Secretary of the NSFU said, the author of the study Vitaliy Golubev.
The results of the study were presented on July 4 during a two-day offline training of the educational and educational project "Steps to Sustainable Development" for Loggal Media from the frontline and de-economic territories conducted by UNESCO and the Government of Japan.
Read also: NSHU presented the booklet "Shot Freedom of Speech" As the report is emphasized, the renewal of the publication of the printed press and providing information to the population in frontier and de -industrial territories of Ukraine, where, due to the destruction of infrastructure, there is often no mobile internet connection - among the priorities of the NSFU.
As reported by Ukrinform, as of May, according to the NSZhU, the number of journalists in the time of full -scale invasion of the Russian Federation in Ukraine reached56 .
_Foto: NSU__
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731411-gazeti-na-prifrontovih-i-deokupovanih-teritoriah-pracuut-v-ekonomnomu-rezimi-nszu.html 
Zorya's FC Expenditer has been suspected of tax evasion 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T17:24:32+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T17:24:32+03:00
Description: Law enforcement officers declared suspicion of the former Director of the Lugansk Football Club "Zorya" in evasion of payment of more than 5 million UAH of taxes. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Футбол', 'Прокуратура', 'Луганськ']
Type: Article
 Law enforcement officers declared suspicion of the former Director of Lugansk Futball Club "Zorya" in evasion of payment of more than 5 million UAH of taxes.
According to Ukrinform, the Luhansk Regional Prosecutor's Office reported on Facebook .
«За даними слідства, у 2019 році фігурант здійснив заниження податковихзобов’язань футбольного клубу «Зоря» на суму понад 5 млн грн. За йоговказівкою у податковій звітності було відображено витрати на послуги з пошукута укладення контрактів з двома гравцями, які фактично не було надано», -йдеться в повідомленні.
Як зазначається, за протиправні дії правопорушнику загрожує штраф від десятидо п’ятнадцяти тисяч неоподатковуваних мінімумів доходів громадян зпозбавленням права обіймати певні посади або займатися певною діяльністю настрок до трьох років.
Читайте також: Гральний бізнес активізував сплату податків після початкурозслідування БЕБ Zorya Lugansk is reported - the Premier League Football Club. Lugansk has been playing home occupation since 2014 at the Slavutich-Arena Stadium in Zaporozhye.
In 2019, the CEO of FC "Zorya" was Sergey Rafailov.
Photo: Zorya FC
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731412-eksgendirektoru-fk-zora-ogolosili-pidozru-v-uhilenni-vid-splati-podatkiv.html 
The government has already directed over ₴ 4 billion to overcome the consequences 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T17:28:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T17:28:00+03:00
Description: The Cabinet of Ministers has already spent more than UAH 4 billion to overcome the consequences of a terrorist attack committed by the Russians at the Kakhovsky Hydroelectric Power Plant. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16864... ']
Tags: ['ГЕС', 'Уряд', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Шмигаль']
Type: Article
 Cabinet ministers have already spent more than UAH 4 billion to overcome the consequences of a terrorist attack committed by the Russians at the Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power Plant.
About this Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal said At a government meeting, Ukrinform reports.
“In general to overcome the consequences of the terrorist attack The government has directed more than UAH 4 billion. These are funds for the transportation of drinking water, the reconstruction of objects, payment of one -time assistance to the victims, ” - informed Shmigal.
Video: Denis Shmigal's telegram 
According to him, immediately after the exploration of the Russians of the Dams of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, the government deployed from the liquidation fund 1.5 billion UAH for the construction of the main tract. The works have already started.
Read also: Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: The Ministry of Economy has already calculated $ 2 billions of direct losses 2300 applications for such assistance have already been submitted, of which almost a thousand transfer. The relevant funds are transferred to the places, and within two days the local authorities must make these payments.
On the night against June 6, the Russian army blown up the dam of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station Having caused the flooding of part of the Kherson Tamikolaev regions and at the same time critical grinding of the Kakhovka reservoir.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731415-urad-uze-spramuvav-ponad-4-milardi-dla-podolanna-naslidkiv-pidrivu-na-kahovskij-ges.html 
About a thousand objects were removed from accounting and shelter maps in Kiev 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T17:31:21+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T17:31:21+03:00
Description: Following the decision of the commission on the unfitness of a large number of shelves in Kiev, about a thousand objects were removed from the account and map. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16845... ']
Tags: ['Київ', 'Укриття', 'Мапа']
Type: Article
 About a thousand objects have been removed by the commission on the unfitness of a large number of shelves in Kiev, the Put and Maps.
About it in telegram The Kyiv City City Administration reported, Ukrinform reports.
“After the decision of the commission on the unfitness of a large number of shelters, about one thousand objects were removed from the account of the map. This, in turn, requires the last time to increase the number of shelters that should be protected by protection, ”the message reads.
It is noted that as one of the options for solving the problem of the Kyiv Military Administration initiated a meeting with representatives of large business, which possess large areas of underground spaces.
It was about providing opportunities for residents Kiev To get safety in the simplest shelters of the underground space that is in business today - underground parking lots, outbuildings and more.
It is reported that these simplest shelters will be applied to the maps of funds of funds exclusively in status as "the simplest shelter".
Read also: [Official of Svyatoshinsk Regional State Administration was removed because(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3730923-cinovnika-svatosinskoi-rda-vidstoronili-cerez-rozkradanna-pri-remonti-ukrittiv.html)The KMVA assured that they will be provided with round -the -clock unobstable, and they will only be equipped with the most necessary places for seating, fire extinguishers, medical first aid kits and drinking water.
“Some of the representatives of the large shopping malls and other facilities of the field of trade and service have already announced to meet and are ready to provide their own areas for the protection of Kyivans. Some are still hesitant, but the military administration is ready to help all problems to provide the population with the maximum amount of shelters in the shortest possible time, ”the KMVA added.
As reported by Ukrinform, they are suitable for use [accounting for 77%(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3727001-pridatni-do-vikoristanna-ukritta-mozut-vmistiti-lise-43-naselenna-ukraini-mvs.html)And they can accommodate 43% of the population of Ukraine.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731418-z-obliku-ta-mapi-ukrittiv-u-kievi-znali-blizko-tisaci-obektiv.html 
Stoltenberg and Zelensky discussed the preparation for the NATO summit 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T17:40:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T17:40:00+03:00
Description: NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg discussed the latest events in Ukraine and preparation for NATO summit with President Vladimir Zelensky. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16819... ']
Tags: ['НАТО', 'Столтенберг', 'Зеленський']
Type: Article
 NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg has discussed the latest events in Ukraine and preparation for the NATO summit with President Vladimirzelensky.
Stoltenberg wrote about it in Twitter , reports Ukrinform.
"A very good conversation with President Zelensky about the latest events in Ukraine Tanash preparation for the NATO summit," Stoltenberg said.
According to him, in Vilnius, the members of the Alliance will decide to strengthen long -term support, improve political relations and approach Ukraine NATO .
Read also: Stoltenberg will remain in the post of Secretary General NATO "On the eve of the NATO Vilnius Summit, on July 11-12, he had a telephone conversation with Zens Stoltenberg - Secretary General of NATO ... Coordinated the positions on the eve of the NATO Vilnius Summit, and discussed the situation at the front of Taastan's events within Russia," President Vladimir Zelensky wrote [Twitter].(https://twitter.com/ZelenskyyUa/status/1676274091681095685).
He thanked the Jens Stoltenberg for his personal efforts to support Ukraine's euro -Atlantic aspirations.
The head of the Ukrainian state congratulated Jens Stoltenberg on the decision of the members of the Alliance to continue his term of office as the Secretary -General for another year.
It was reported that on July 11-12, a NATO summit will take place in Vilnius, during which one of the main issues for discussion at the level of heads of state and governments will be a continuation of military assistance for Ukraine, as well as measures to identify the Alliance's restraint and defense system.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731422-stoltenberg-i-zelenskij-obgovorili-pidgotovku-do-samitu-nato.html 
The Ministry of Finance has placed the EPS for more than ₴ 6 billion 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T17:42:10+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T17:42:10+03:00
Description: On July 4, the Ministry of Finance on July on the placement of domestic government bonds (T -bills) has attracted more than UAH 6 billion to the state budget. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15501... ']
Tags: ['Бюджет', 'Мінфін', 'Облігації']
Type: Article
 The Ministry of Finance on July 4 at Auction for the placement of domestic government bonds(Towels)It has attracted more than UAH 6 billion in the state budget.
According to Ukrinform, the Ministry of Finance press service reports on Facebook. "Today, the Ministry of Finance has placed government bonds worth more than UAH 6 billion," it will be in the message.
The Ministry of Finance offered investors the hryvnia bonds of the State Tax Service: UAH 82 million at 18%; UAH 141 million at UAH 18.3%, UAH 3.7 billion at 19.2%and UAH 2.046 billion at 19.75%.
Read also: [the head of the National Bank hopes that this year the hryvnia issue will be able(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3728776-glava-nacbanku-spodivaetsa-so-cogoric-vdastsa-uniknuti-emisii-grivni.html)As reported by Ukrinform, in connection with Russian aggression The Ukrainian Government About the step -by -step issue of military bonds in the amount of up to UAH 400 billion. The minfin is conducting auctions for the sale of ATPs every Tuesday, since March 12022. According to Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal, almost UAH 600 billion was received last year.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731424-minfin-rozmistiv-ovdp-na-ponad-6-milardiv.html 
The enemy struck the Kharkiv region C-300 rockets 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T17:44:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T23:44:00+03:00
Description: The enemy struck in the Kharkiv region with S-300 ZRK. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15389... ']
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Харківщина', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Vorozhavav shot in the Kharkiv region with S-300 ZRK.
About it reports in telegram Head Kharkiv Military Garrison Sergey Melnyk("General Marseille"), reports Ukrinform.
"The enemy struck in the Kharkiv region with S -300 SPRs. Part of the rocket was" at home. "
Read also: Kraken's Special Forces Special Forces Backs up with a Funeral Storm According to him, there is no missile in the air at this time, but the threat of new rocket launchers remains.
As reported by Ukrinform, about 13:35 July 4 Russians fired at the city Persvoimaisky . According to the latest data, the number of time has increased to 43. The city damages the glazing, balconies and doors of nine multi -storey buildings. In addition, the four -car was burned, as well as one car is damaged.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731551-vorog-zavdav-udariv-po-harkivsini-raketami-s300.html 
In Pervomaisky, the number of wounded through shelling increased to 38 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T17:47:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T17:47:00+03:00
Description: The number of wounded as a result of shelling made by Russian troops in the city of Pervomaisky Kharkiv region increased to 38 people. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Харківщина', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The number of fires made by Russian troops in the city of Kharkiv region increased to 38 people.
According to Ukrinform, the prosecutor General's office reported in telegram .
"Currently due to shelling The Russian military cities of Pervomaisky in Kharkiv are known about 38 wounds, 12 of them are 12 children, " - the message reads.
According to OGP, the smallest of the victims of three months. Doctors provided a child on the spot.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731352-sered-gospitalizovanih-u-pervomajskomu-pisla-rosijskogo-obstrilu-dvoe-nemovlat.html)As reported by Ukrinform, the Russian army hit Pervomaisky Around 13:35 on July 4, the enemy used the enemy with a fugitive ammunition.
The shot of the city was taken half an hour after the start of a memorial service for a dead serviceman Oleg Fadeenko(the call sign is), who died of a brave injury caused by Bakhmut of Donetsk region.
Earlier reported About 31 victims.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731427-u-pervomajskomu-kilkist-poranenih-cerez-obstril-zrosla-do-38.html 
States and Russia discuss the possible exchange of journalist Gershkovich and other Kremlin prisoners - media 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T17:50:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T17:50:00+03:00
Description: Representatives of the US and Russia have already conducted preliminary discussions on the potential exchange of prisoners, in particular, and detained by the Russian Wall Street Journal, Evan Gershkovich. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Кремль', 'США', 'Росія']
Type: Article
 Representatives of the US and Russia have already conducted preliminary discussions on the current exchange of prisoners, in particular, and detained by the Russian Federation of the Wallstreet Journal reporter Evan Gershkovich.
This is stated in the publication The Washington Post , who refers to the statement of Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov, Ukrinform reports.
"Peskov told journalists on Tuesday during a telephone conversation that intervals should be carried out and pass in full silence," the newspaper said.
Read also: USA will not reduce the effort to release US citizens in prison in Russia - White House It is stated that the representatives of the Russian authorities still declared the preparation to discuss the exchange of Russians arrested in the USA for American journalist Evan Gershkovich. In particular, the deputy head of the Russian Foreign Ministry Sergiryabkov in April stated that this could only happen after the completion of the process of Gershkovich in the Russian court.
The new statements of the Russian side were heard a day after the US Ambassador VRF visited an American journalist in the Moscow detention center Lefortovo. The USA reported that the reporter did not complain about health and "remains hardy."
Read also: Court in Moscow left a detention center by an American journalist Gershkovich a As reported by Ukrinform, Evan Gershkovich was detained at the end of March during a journalistic business trip to Yekaterinburg. He became the first representative of the US media, arrested since 1986 by the Russian power. Gershkovich is accused of espionage, but he rejects the uncarnation in his address.
Photo: The Washington Post
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731423-stati-i-rosia-obgovoruut-mozlivij-obmin-zurnalista-gerskovica-ta-insih-vazniv-kremla-zmi.html 
When Ministry of Research, they create a DREAM Project Office 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T17:52:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T17:52:00+03:00
Description: The Ministry of Community Development, Territories and Infrastructure and the Recovery Agency for Open Contracting Partnership Create a Project Office of Development and Implementation of DREAM Restoration Management. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Міндовкілля', 'Відбудова', 'Відновлення України']
Type: Article
 The Ministry of Community and Infrastructure Development and Agency for Collaboration with Open Contracting Partnership creates a proseproof of the development and implementation of DDRAM's digital ecosystem.
About it reports Ukrinform with reference to the press service of the Ministry in Facebook .
«Створення Проєктного офісу дозволить підвищити спроможність держави щодорозробки цифрових інструментів відновлення . The experts of the project office will strengthen the Ministry of Internal Affairs team and will accelerate the full launch of the ecosystem, ” - said Vice Vice -Minister for Recovery - Minister of Community Development, Tainfrastructure Alexander Kubrakov.
The office will be responsible for the development and implementation of DREAM ecosystem; integration of registers and systems; filling pages of projects and communities; creation of analytical tools; attracting key users to the work of the ecosystem; communication with key stakeholders; Conducting teachings of ecosystem.
Read also: EC Support Reconstruction Ukrainian Bridge - European Commissar ** It will be headed by the support of Ukraine's support for Open Contracting Partnershipt co -founder of Rise Ukraine - Coalition for Reconstruction Victor Nepulia.
As it was reported, in May in Ukraine the state electronic ecosystemdream was launched. It enables Ukrainians to control each stage of the life cylry of recovery - from registration of damage and destruction, to attracting funding, purchases and construction work. The DREAM system is a "only window" for all reconstruction projects.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3731428-pri-minvidnovlenni-stvoruut-proektnij-ofis-dream.html 
In Chernihiv region, 10 more damaged by the Russians were restored by the Russians 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T17:55:36+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T17:55:36+03:00
Description: In the Chernihiv region, 6 outpatient clinics and 4 paramedics were restored by Russian invaders. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['МОЗ', 'Лікарня', 'Чернігівщина']
Type: Article
 6 outpatient clinics and 4 paramedics damaged by Russian invaders have been restored in the Unernyiv region.
About it reports Ministry of Health , reports Ukrinform.
"In the conditions of a full -scale war, it was possible to restore 10 damaged enemy media as they belong to the Chernihiv District Center for Primary Medical Assistance(CPMSD)", - the message says.
Read also: when the Ministry of Research creates a projected Dream office The Ministry of Health notes that there are 49 units under the control of these institutions: 14 family outpatient clinics and 35 paramedics and midwifery. Most of them are located in settlements, which re-occupied the army of the aggressor and suffered rocket-tight blows. Thus, 6 outpatient clinics and 4 paramedic points of Chernihiv region received significant damage or were completely destroyed.
At the end of June 2023, the necessary work was carried out in the damaged medical institutions, which needed replacement and ongoing repair. It was possible to restore 10 medical facilities, several more are in the recovery process. The Tafeldshric outpatient clinics continue to function and provide medical assistance to the region.
Read also: Ukraine and Denmark have determined priorities Recovery Lenikolaiv region In total, according to the Ministry of Health, 36 health facilities and17 have been restored in Chernihiv region.
As it was reported, since the beginning of a full -scale war, 1560 of the facilities of medical institutions have been damaged since the beginning of a full -scale war, of which 335 managed to restore completely and another 355 - partially renewed.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3731430-na-cernigivsini-vidnovili-se-10-poskodzenih-rosianami-medzakladiv.html 
The Cabinet is expanding the Eosel's program 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T17:58:08+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T17:58:08+03:00
Description: The Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine is expanding the Eosel Affordable lending program so that as many Ukrainians can use it. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16002... ']
Tags: ['Кабмін', 'Кредит', 'Житло']
Type: Article
 The Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine is expanding the Eosel Affordable lending program to use as many Ukrainians as possible.
About this Prime Minister Denis Shmigal said At a government meeting, Ukrinform reports.
“We will expand the program. We make changes that will help to participate in the programmiosel other Ukrainians who do not have their own housing. For them, build a preferential annual rate of 7% in UAH. The first contribution is from 20%, and the termination is up to 20 years, ”Shmigal said.
According to him, the intensification of mortgage lending It is an important element of recovery. Last year, on the initiative of the President of Ukraine, the Government launched an Esosel program. They were given the opportunity to military, law enforcement officers, teachers, and medicines to receive a mortgage at 3%. Currently, such preferential mortgages have already been issued in the amount of more than UAH 1.2 billion.
The Prime Minister is convinced that these and other changes in the conditions of the program will allow to significantly activate the mortgage.
Read also: 5-7-9%under the program has already received 197 billion credit As reported by Ukrinform, in the winter the ministry of digital transformation has fullly launched the action of an accessible lending to the Eosel in the application, within the limits of which Ukrainians can issue a mortgage for housing.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731431-kabmin-rozsirue-programu-eosela.html 
Ukraine has already received $ 23.6 billion this year 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:00:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:00:00+03:00
Description: Ukraine received $ 23.6 billion in 2023. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15067... ']
Tags: ['Кабмін', 'МВФ', 'Гроші', 'Шмигаль']
Type: Article
 In 2023, Ukraine stood $ 23.6 billion in partner macro -financial assistance.
About this Prime Minister Denis Shmigal said At a government meeting, Ukrinform reports.
“In 2023, Ukraine received $ 23.6 billion. partner -financial assistance. The largest is the contribution of the European Union, the United States, Canada and the IMF, ”Shmigal said.
According to him, the state budget received the second tranche within a large funding program from International Monetary Fund . This is $ 890 million. on priority expenditures.
Read also: Ukraine has received another $ 890 million from IMF - Ministry of Finance "I am grateful to all friends for their incredible solidarity and their willingness to support independence and our plans to restore the country," the government emphasized.
The Prime Minister emphasized that the economic support of partners with an individual element of Ukraine's sustainability. It allows to finance non -war expenditures, including the social obligations of the state.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729557-mvf-poasniv-akih-reform-ocikue-vid-ukraini-dla-vidilenna-nastupnih-transiv.html)According to Ukrinform, according to the National Bank, Ukraine expects to hold $ 42 billion in 2023. financial assistance , including $ 4.6 billion. from the International Monetary Fund.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731433-ukraina-cogoric-uze-otrimala-236-milarda-makrofinansovoi-dopomogi.html 
RVIA units struck three SPRs and enemy Reb Station 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T18:00:00-04:00
Description: About CED DOIMLAY GS ZS Ukrainian. “The rocket launches of the rocket and the artister ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not , Will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 358110749_616390990673983_1999238386288792356_n-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗС УКРАЇНИ', 'РВІА']
Category: News
 🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
About it reports General of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
"The missile troops and artillery units were struck by 3 anti-aircraft missile complexes, 2 areas of concentration of live force, 26 artillery on fire positions and the enemy's HR station," the message reads.
In addition, the aircraft forces of defense over the past 24 hours struck 16 strokes in the area of the enemy's personnel.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/pidrozdily-rvia-urazyly-try-zrk-ta-stancziyu-reb-protyvnyka/ 
Macron stated that the peak of riots in France has passed 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:03:30+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:03:30+03:00
Description: French President Emmanuel Macron met with nearly 250 mayors of cities who suffered during the riots during the last week, to discuss "deeper reasons" of protests after the murder of a teenager by a police officer. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16508... ']
Tags: ['Франція', 'Макрон', 'Протест', 'Сутички']
Type: Article
 Emmanuel Macron's Presidential Facility met with almost 250 mayors of cities that have suffered during the riots during the last week, to discuss "deeper reasons" of protests after the murder of a teenager by police.
According to Ukrinform, it reports France24 .
"Will the return to calm times will continue? I will be careful(In statements - ed.), but peak(protests - ed.)What we saw in the previous days has passed, "Macron said. French President added that everyone wants" a long, republican order. This is absolute priority. "
Presidential Office Representative said Macron hopes "start a painstaking, long -term work necessary to understand the deeper reasons that led to the events(protests - ed.)".
The President also put forward the idea of accelerated penalties of parents of children, caught vandalism or robbery during protests.
As reported by Ukrinform, on June 27 in France there were riots after a police officer shot in the suburbs of the French capital of Paris, which did not stop at his order.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731200-u-francii-vid-pocatku-zavorusen-zatrimali-majze-35-tisaci-ludej.html)According to the Ministry of Internal Affairs of France, on this Tuesday, from the beginning, protesters have set fire to almost 5,900 cars, fixed over 12,200 seals of garbage cans, about 1,100 buildings burned or harmed, almost 270 attacks on police units or commissioners occurred.
Due to riots, they are estimated at one billion euros, including for human traders and entrepreneurs. France's largest unions have quit the government to create a "assistance fund" for "those who lost everything" through protests.
French Finance Minister Bruno Le mayor suggested on Tuesday that the government would allow enterprises affected by riots, not pay taxes and social resources for the period of business recovery and damage to damage.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731434-makron-zaaviv-so-pik-zavorusen-u-francii-minuv.html 
The heat is forecast almost all over Ukraine, in some places - rains and thunderstorms 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:07:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:07:00+03:00
Description: On Wednesday, July 5, dry and hot weather will prevail in most regions of Ukraine. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15936... ']
Tags: ['Дощ', 'Гроза', 'Погода', 'Спека']
Type: Article
 On Wednesday, July 5, dry and hot weather will prevail in most regions of Ukraine.
Ukrinform was reported at the Ukrainian Hydrometeorological Center.
“At night in Western, Zhytomyr and Vinnytsia, afternoon and in Kyiv, Cherkasy, Kirovograd, Chernihiv and Sumy regions short -lived, sometimes thunderstorms; In the rest of the territory without precipitation, ”the presentation reads.
The wind of variable directions, 3-8 m/s, during thunderstorms of gust of 15-20 m/s.
The temperature in the western regions will be 13-18 ° at night, 23-28 ° in the afternoon, half and southeast at night 19-24 °, 31-36 ° in the afternoon, 16-21 ° at night, 27-32 ° in the daytime.
Read also: last year the world lost 11 football fields of forest every minute In Kyiv and Kyiv region, on July 5, changing cloudiness, at night without precipitation, short -term rain during the day. Temperature in the capital at night 17-19 °, in the afternoon 28-30 °; Uregion at night 16-21 °, in the afternoon 27-32 °.
In the next two days in Ukraine, according to forecasts of forecasters, rains with thunderstorms, 7th at night in the western, afternoon in the northern, central and Odessa regions, significant rains, and sometimes 15-20 m/s; In the Eastern, July 6, and in the field of no precipitation.
East wind, southeast, in the west of the Northwest country, 5-10 m/s.
Temperature in the western regions at night 14-19 °, in the afternoon 6 July 23-28 °, July 716-21 °; in the south and east of the country at night 20-25 °, in the afternoon 31-36 °; At the day at night 17-22 °, in the afternoon 29-34 °, on July 7 in the northern and Vinnytsia region 25-30 °.
Rain and thunderstorms are expected in the capital region of July 8-9. Temperature in Kyiv is 20-22 °; On July 6, 31-33 °, July 7, 26-28 °. In the area at night 17-22 °; in the afternoon 6 July 29-34 °, July 7 25-30 °.
Read also: last year's summer in Europe was the warmest in history - Climatologist and During July 8-9, short-term rains, thunderstorms, western, July 9 and in most northern and Vinnytsia regions without precipitation will continue in Ukraine.
Temperature in the southern and eastern parts at night 19-24 °, in the afternoon July 828-34 °, July 9 24-29 °; In the rest of the territory at night July 8, 15-21 °, July 913-18 °(In the western regions of 10-15 °), in the afternoon 21-27 °, July 8 in the central regions in places up to 30 °.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731282-speku-prognozuut-majze-po-vsij-ukraini-podekudi-dosi-ta-grozi.html 
Under Bakhmut was killed by Lviv restaurateur and artist Andrey Gudima 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:10:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:10:00+03:00
Description: Under Bakhmut on July 2, Lviv restaurateur and artist Andrei Gudima was killed in a battle with Russian invaders. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16174... ']
Tags: ['Бахмут', 'Художник', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Podbakhmut on July 2 in the battle with the Russian invaders was killed by a Lviv restauctor and artist Andrey Gudima.
This was reported in Facebook His ex -wife Ulyana Surmai, reports Ukrinform.
"Andrei Gudima died, under Bakhmut , in battle. 02.07.2023. Our hero, "the message reads.
Ulyana Surmai also informed that a farewell to the dead would be a significant, July 6, at 11:00 in the garrison temple. Burial - at 12:00 Namar field.
In the publishing house of the old lion reported Andrei Gudima's book "69 spices for the heart" - "Incredible, ironic and deep", in the decoration of Svetlana Fesenko.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731437-pid-bahmutom-zaginuv-lvivskij-restorator-i-hudoznik-andrij-gudima.html 
For the victims of Kakhovsk Hydroelectric Power Plants, a 150-kilometer water supply will be built 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:11:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:11:00+03:00
Description: The State Agency for Recovery and Development of Infrastructure of Ukraine will build a 150-kilometer water supply to settlements affected by the Russian Hydroelectric Power Plants. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Найєм', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Відновлення України']
Type: Article
 The State Agency for the Restoration and Development of Infrastructure of Ukraine will build a 1550-kilometer water supply to settlements affected by the Russian Hydroe Public Hydroelectric Power Plants.
This was reported in interview Ukrainian radio Head of the State Agency for the Restoration of the Stustaf Nayem, reports Ukrinform.
According to him, the water supply will be built in Dnipropetrovsk and Zaporizhzhya regions. It will facilitate the restoration of centralized water supply and providing quality drinking water in the inhabitants of Kryvyi Rih, Maryansky, Manganese, Nikopol, Pokrova, Tomakivka. In these settlements there were difficulties in providing through the undermining of the Russians of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station. The water intake will be from Ingulets and the Dnieper.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731415-urad-uze-spramuvav-ponad-4-milardi-dla-podolanna-naslidkiv-pidrivu-na-kahovskij-ges.html)According to Nayem, the recovery agency will build 3 links of the main water for 150 kilometers:
- Ingulets- Kryvyi Rih 26.9 km;
- manganese- Nikopol- cover, 40.9 km long;
- Zaporozhye- Tomakivka- Manganese, 76.7 km long.
At the same time, according to him, geodetic and projected works are needed to start construction on all three links of the waterway; clearing the deepening of the water utility; transfer of cables; Construction of pumping stations.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731339-na-pravoberezzi-hersonsini-zalisaetsa-pidtoplenim-odin-naselenij-punkt.html)Then the pipelines will be installed on the route of the water supply.
As Nayem emphasized, if you do not take the necessary steps, "almost one and a half million people in a few months can be left without water."
“After the catastrophe at the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station, the question of water supply regions raised. These are almost one and a half million people who can stay without water in a few months. We are now building a water supply, which, I hope, is being built in time, and we will bring all the necessary goods, pumps and pipes to draw water supply. This is the main area of activity for today, ”he said. Read also: Khokhovsk ** Kakhovsk. All news “Such requests from the regions are more than 40% of everything we need to build. And this is a huge problem. I hope that this year we will be a great history of reconstruction of both the private sector and apartment buildings. And also there is a question of compensation to those who have partially or completely loss of housing, " - said Nayem.
The government was reported that the government has allocated 1.5 billion hryvnias from the Fund for the liquidation of armed aggression for the construction of main water supply systems. Repends for the implementation of this project the State Recovery Agency.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731436-dla-postrazdalih-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-naselenih-punktiv-pobuduut-150kilometrovij-vodogin.html 
Government allocates almost ₴ 5.3 billion per recovery in ten areas 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:12:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:12:00+03:00
Description: The Cabinet of Ministers allocates almost UAH 5.3 billion for restoration in ten regions. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Кабмін', 'Уряд', 'Шмигаль']
Type: Article
 Cabinet ministers allocate almost UAH 5.3 billion for restoration in ten regions.
About this Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal said at a government meeting , reports Ukrinform.
“Today, we also make a decision to allocate almost UAH 5.3 billion in ten regions: Vinnytsia, Dnipropetrovsk, Zhytomyr, Kyiv, Kirovohrad, Odessa, Poltava, Sumy, Cherkasy and Cherkhnihiv. For these funds, it will be realized critically necessary for public empires that directly affect the quality of life of people, ”Shmigal said.
Read also: the government has already directed more(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731415-urad-uze-spramuvav-ponad-4-milardi-dla-podolanna-naslidkiv-pidrivu-na-kahovskij-ges.html)"Today, on July 4, the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine made a decision on the distribution of UAH 5.3 billion of subventions between communities of 10 regions: Vinnytsia, Dnipropetrovsk, Zhytomyr, Kyiv, Kirovograd, Odessa, Poltava, Sumy, Cherkasy and Chernihiv," Ministry of Community Development, Territories and Infrastructure.
In particular, the Vinnytsia region will receive UAH 373.6 million; Dnipropetrovsk region –519.1 million UAH; Zhytomyr region - UAH 445.4 million; Kyiv region - UAH 2.4 billion; Kirovohrad region. - UAH 244.2 million; Odesa region - UAH 455.2 million; Poltava region. - UAH 643.7 million, Sumy region - UAH 82.2 million; Cherkasy region - 98.9 million UAH; Chernihiv - UAH 42.9 million.
It is emphasized that the source of the subsidy is the funds allocated by the European Construction Bank within the framework of the Joint Program of Ukraine and the EIB "Program of Department of Ukraine".
According to the Ministry, money will be directed to the restoration of 109 objects, including educational institutions, health care, administrative services, critical infrastructure, etc.
According to Ukrinform, the Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal has previously announced that the restoration should be in the focus of every minister, regional and local leader, because it is one of the main vectors, the job will be assessed.
Photo: Denis Shmigal, Telegrams
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3731432-urad-vidilae-majze-53-milarda-na-vidnovlenna-v-desati-oblastah.html 
In Kherson and Mykolaiv region, the soil will be explored in flooded territories 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:14:33+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:14:33+03:00
Description: The study of soil samples on flooded as a result of the destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plants. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16867... ']
Tags: ['Херсонщина', 'Миколаївщина', 'МОЗ', 'Каховська ГЕС', 'Підтоплення']
Type: Article
 The study of soil samples on flooded as a result of the destruction of the Kakhovsk Hesteria.
About it reports Ministry of Health , reports Ukrinform.
"In Kherson and Mykolaiv region, the first 23 soil samples were selected. They are selected during the work in the areas where water has completely sleeping. Studies allow to establish the level of soil contamination. Among it, the presence of toxic substances in it and the level of parasitic fatigue," the statement said.
The Ministry of Health notes that flooding of objects such as cemeteries, toilets, fields, landfills, as a result of the blasting of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station caused the risk of pathogens of viral hepatitis, helminthiasis and other acute infectious diseases.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731339-na-pravoberezzi-hersonsini-zalisaetsa-pidtoplenim-odin-naselenij-punkt.html)According to the Ministry of Health, as of July 4, 95 % of samples meet hygienic requirements. In 5% of samples selected in the River Port area Kherson , exceeded by parasitological indicators. These are helminth eggs and intestinal cysts that can cause gastroenteritis or dysentery. Cynfection diseases are transmitted through contact with contaminants.
In order to prevent probable infection, it is important for people to avoid contact with polluted soil, in particular during the cultivation of land for agricultural products, as well as not to consume contaminated vegetables and fruits and not to use water of wells in the contaminated area.
Explanation with the population on the prevention of infectious diseases and CKPC poisoning is carried out daily during the departure to the communities.
Read also: [in the Black Sea near Odessa, water meets the standards(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731260-u-cornomu-mori-na-odesini-voda-vidpovidae-normam-miskrada.html)
As reported by Ukrinform, nearly 100,000 tablets were issued to the residents of the affected areas as a result of the terrorist attack of the Nakakhovskaya hydroelectric power station to disinfect drinking water .
Foto: Kherson Ova 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731439-na-hersonsini-ta-mikolaivsini-doslidat-grunt-na-zatoplenih-teritoriah.html 
Dynamo Batumi rented Tyitaisvili 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:18:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:18:00+03:00
Description: Dynamo Batumi announced the transfer of Winger of Dynamo Kyiv Georgy Tsitaisvili. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Футбол']
Type: Article
 Dynamo Batumi announced the transfer of Winger of Dynamo Kyiv Georgy Tsitaisvili.
This was reported press service Georgians in Instagram, reports Ukrinform.
22-year-old Georgian will act for a lease club by the end of the 2023/24 season.
Read also: known fifth rival " Dynamo " at Austria's Assembly As it was reported, last season Tsitaishvili spent in Lech, scoring 1 goal, taving 2 productive gears in 24 matches.
Photo: instagram.com
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731443-dinamo-batumi-orenduvalo-citaisvili.html 
Under Mariupol found a dead 12-year-old girl-the murder is suspected of military Russian 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:18:51+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:18:51+03:00
Description: A twelve -year -old resident of Mangush village, which has been searched in the area of temporarily occupied Mariupol from June 30, was found dead. It is believed that her death may be involved in the Russian military. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16805... ']
Tags: ['Діти', 'Маріуполь']
Type: Article
 A twelve -year -old resident of Mangush village, which has been searched in the area of the temporarily -heated Mariupol from June 30, was found dead. It is believed that her death can be involved in the Russian military.
About it reports in telegram press services of the city council, reports Ukrinform.
"The 12 -year -old girl, who was searched near the occupied Mariupol, was found dead. Eversion that the Russian military is guilty of death," the message reads.
Read also: in Mariupol and burning school - mayor advisor As noted in the City Council, on June 30 in the village of Mangush, Mariupol district, Irina Gubareva, who went to a meeting with his girlfriends. After the search work was found dead in the village of the Republic, which is almost 30 km from Mangus. He put it to the car and took it to the field where they found the body.
The City Council noted that there were no official information from the occupiers. Alevads, when children and adults disappear, are not uncommon, and no one investigates them.
Photo: Mariupol City Council
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731444-pid-mariupolem-znajsli-mertvou-12ricnu-divcinku-u-vbivstvi-pidozruut-vijskovogo-rf.html 
23.7 billion - Shmigal have already been distributed from the Fund for Recovery of the Consequences 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:20:53+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:20:53+03:00
Description: From the Fund for the Elimination of the Consequences of Armed Aggression of Russia, which now accumulates almost UAH 62 billion, UAH 23.7 billion has already been distributed for reconstruction. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16778... ']
Tags: ['Кабмін', 'Гроші', 'Шмигаль', 'Війна з Росією', 'Відбудова']
Type: Article
 From the funding for the consequences of the armed aggression of Russia, which now accumulates almost UAH 62 billion, UAH 23.7 billion has already been distributed for reconstruction.
About this Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal said At a government meeting, Ukrinform reports.
“The main source of funding for rapid recovery is the Fund for Elimination of Armored Aggression. It has accumulated almost UAH 62 billion, of which UAH 23.7 billion is distributed to rebuilding ”,” Smigal said.
According to him, after the blasting of the Russians of the Dams of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, the government allocated an abolition of the liquidation of UAH 1.5 billion for the construction of main water pipes. Their entertainment will be about 150 km, and they will provide drinking water with residents of several regions. The works have already started.
Read also: required to attract more Western * Experience * Reconstruction Ukrainian Bridge - expert ** The Prime Minister noted that nowadays the main efforts of the government are aimed at three-headed tasks: providing our army with everything necessary, providing the maximum financial stability and sustainability of the economy, rapid recovery.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3731445-z-fondu-likvidacii-naslidkiv-vijni-na-vidbudovu-vze-rozpodilili-237-milarda-smigal.html 
KOYKOKUK KOSTUK DOOKS ON WIMBLDON LIKED through the rain 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:24:33+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:24:33+03:00
Description: The match of the Ukrainian tennis player Martha Kostyuk ( # 36 WTA) against Maria Sakari ( # 8 WTA) from Greece in the first circle of Wimbledon was postponed. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Теніс', 'Марта Костюк']
Type: Article
 Martha Kostyuk's match of Ukrainian tennis player(№36 WTA)Against Maria Sakkari(№8 WTA)Vimbledon's gems were postponed.
The meeting was to take place on July 4 at 17.00, but the match was postponed through the rain, reports tribuna.com , reports Ukrinform.
The match is likely to take place on July 5.
The Ukrainian is inferior in personal meetings with a score of 0-2.
Read also: Svitolina - Second Tennis Hit that won the Grandslam Williams on all cover As reported, Elina Svitolina defeated Vinus Williams(2:0)At Startivmbledon.
Photo: Getty Images
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731446-poedinok-ukrainki-kostuk-na-vimbldoni-perenesli-cerez-dos.html 
The government has improved the work Prozorro Market 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:24:34+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:24:34+03:00
Description: The Cabinet of Ministers has made changes to the specifics of the ProZorro Market, and now the only tool for the procurement will be a request for proposals. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['ProZorro', 'Уряд']
Type: Article
 The Cabinet of Ministers has made changes to the specifics of the ProZorro Market, and now the solemn time for the procurement will be the request of proposals.
According to Ukrinform, the relevant decision was approved by the Government on July 4, 2023, reports press service of the Ministry of Economy .
«Ми провели дослідження для того, щоб спростити роботу усіх користувачів вProzorro Market. Опитавши замовників та постачальників, ми внесли рядвдосконалень. Основна докорінна зміна полягає в тому, що тепер усі закупівлі вProzorro Market будуть відбуватися через запит пропозицій. Інструмент запитупропозицій у Prozorro Market, як і раніше дозволить замовникам швидкозакривати свої потреби без підготовки тендерної документації», - пояснилазаступник міністра економіки Надія Бігун.
Читайте також: Упродовж п’яти років у Prozorro .Продажі оголошували17,5 тисячі аукціонів малої приватизації She noted that on average, such a purchase will last up to 10 days. In addition, the VZamovnik will always receive favorable offers, because he will receive an order that will be able to offer the best price
Previously, when purchases up to 100 thousand hryvnias it was possible to make direct orders of the catalog. In fact, the purchase process was similar to the purchase of a conventional online store. However, research and surveys of users have shown that these prices did not always correspond to the availability of certain goods of suppliers. Therefore, the request allows you to receive more current business proposals and better prices.
Therefore, from now on, the customers who have decided to buy the required product from ProZorromarket, regardless of the amount of purchase, should announce the request and specify the order characteristics of the order. And then the suppliers will be clearly aware of the conditions of supply and will give the current price for specific conditions of the costing.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3727904-za-pat-rokiv-cerez-prozorroprodazi-derzava-otrimala-vid-privatizacii-majze-14-milardiv.html)
If the value of the goods is over UAH 500 thousand, then in this case the request must contain information about the characteristics of the product and their allowable values according to the directory profile. There is also a condition that this case should be at least two proposals from suppliers.
In order to reduce manipulation by suppliers, the requirement is required to provide a obligatory projection of the contract in the request of the proposal. The customer is also given the right to reject the winner's offer if he refuses to sign the contract and proceed to the consideration of the next one.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726748-u-travni-cerez-prozorro-opublikuvali-zakupivel-na-121-milard.html)In the new order of procurement, the concept of procurement profile is removed, instead, the concept of technical specification is introduced. This should be removed by some foolish understanding that has arisen when communicating the product.
As reported, Prozorro Market administrators are three centralized organizations. Professional purchases are filled with consumer catalogs, medical procurement of Ukraine - medicines and medical products, SE "Ukrainian Special Systems" - computer equipment and software. Today, the range of Prozorro Market has about 90 thousand works of 3 thousand skilled suppliers.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731447-urad-vdoskonaliv-robotu-prozorro-market.html 
The number of wounded in Pervomaisky increased to 43, including 12 children 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:32:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:32:00+03:00
Description: The number of wounded as a result of a Russian rocket strike in the city of Pervomaisky in Kharkiv region increased to 43. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Харківщина', 'Війна з Росією', 'Ракетний удар']
Type: Article
 The number of wounded as a result of a Russian rocket strike in the city in Kharkiv region increased to 43.
This was reported in telegram Oleg Synigubov, Head of Kharkiv Ova, reports Ukrinform.
“According to doctors, 43 people have been injured as a result of the impact of the Videosome, of which 12 children were injured. 5 people were given medical help. The condition of the victims is medium and easy, ” - reported Synegubov.
 

The figure may not be final yet.
Read also: [injured in Pervomaisky 10-month-old baby(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731425-poranena-v-pervomajskomu-10misacna-ditina-perebuvae-v-reanimacii.html)As reported by Ukrinform, around 13:35 July 4 the Russians fired at the city Pervomaisky. According to the regional prosecutor's office , the invaders used the Iskander rocket. The city damages the glazing, balconies and doors of nine -storey buildings. In addition, four cars were burned, as well as a single car were damaged.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731455-kilkist-poranenih-u-pervomajskomu-zrosla-do-43-sered-nih-12-ditej.html 
Shmigal told about preparation for the heating season - how many accumulated gas and coal 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:36:05+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:36:05+03:00
Description: 1.8 million tons of coal and 14.7 billion cubic meters of gas are planned to be accumulated before the heating season. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16494... ']
Tags: ['Газ', 'Опалювальний сезон', 'Вугілля', 'Шмигаль']
Type: Article
 1.8 million tonnes of coal and 14.7 billion -cimeters of gas are planned to be accumulated by the beginning of the heating season.
About this Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal said At a government meeting, Ukrinform reports.
“We currently have 1.5 million tons of coal and 10.4 billion cubic meters of gas storage facilities. At the beginning of the heating season, it is planned to reach 1,8 million tons of coal and 14.7 billion cubic meters of gas, ”Shmigal informed.
According to him, before that it is necessary to complete the planned repairs energy facilities and reliable protection of energy infrastructure from Russian attacks.
Read also: to the heated of the season we have to restore 1.7 GVTGEENCY CLAIMS - SHMIGAL According to Smigal, all these tasks have been brought to all performers, clearly defined responsible, issues of preparation for the heating season with a underworld.
Foto: Cabinet 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731452-smigal-rozpoviv-pro-pidgotovku-do-opaluvalnogo-sezonu-skilki-nakopicili-gazu-j-vugilla.html 
In Rivne because of the drain stopped trolleybuses 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:45:55+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:45:55+03:00
Description: In Rivne, the movement of trolleybuses stopped due to a heavy downpour, which flooded the streets. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15845... ']
Tags: ['Дощ', 'Рівне', 'тролейбус']
Type: Article
 In Rivne, a strong downpour, which flooded the streets, stopped the movement of trolleybuses.
According to Ukrinform, about it on Facebook Informs KP "Rivnelectroattrans".
“The streets are flooded. The movement of trolleybuses is temporarily stopped, ”the testimony reads.
Read also: in Japan through showers and prepare evacuation over 350 thousand people According to local Media , in Rivne there is a strong rain now.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731458-u-rivnomu-cerez-zlivu-zupinilisa-trolejbusi.html 
The decay of Russia is a matter of time - an expert 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:47:25+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:47:25+03:00
Description: Collapse of Russia is a matter of time because the Federal Center has shown its inability in the basic issue - security. Therefore, in the West, in particular in Europe, they are now engaged in studying what the scenarios of the collapse of the Russian Federation can be. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16851... ']
Tags: ['Гончар', 'РНБО', 'Данілов', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Colpsrosia is a matter of time because the Federal Center has shown its inability to have a basic issue - security. Therefore, in the West, in particular in Europe, it is now occupied by what the scripts of the collapse of the Russian Federation can be.
This opinion expressed Ukrainian radio The President of the Center for Globalism "Strategy 21" Mikhail Gonchar, commenting on the statement of the NSDC Secretary Oleksiydanilov, that the event should prepare for the collapse of the Russian Federation, because Dictator Vladimir Putinvated control over his country, Ukrinform reports.
According to the expert, the Russian Federation is not mono -ethnic and not a mono -confessional state. It is a conglomerate of different peoples, ethnic groups with different denominational parameters. The term "federation" in the name of this country does not correspond to the real state of things. Therefore, it is possible to hold all this conglomerate for a monolithic state for a long time, but not all the time, Gonchar notes.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3728310-u-es-rozgladaut-scenarij-rozpadu-rosii-posol-ukraini.html)In his opinion, the collapse of Russia is a matter of time, as evidenced by the studies. "In 2021, the topic of Russia's collapse was perceived as exotic imarginal. In 2022, this issue was already discussed. In 2023 we see, for example, that serious studies began to be published. In particular, the work of Janusz Bugai was recently presented State. Instructions on Rounding Russia ", which refers to scenarios that may have a place in the event of its collapse, which is not considered as such" will be or will not ". The question is only the time when it happens. Last week in Slovakia, a book of prominent Slovak was present in Slovakia Futurologist Yurai Mesika "2023: Ricmate of the Russian Empire. Of course, including the scenarios of the prolongation of the Putin state, the repressive state, but with the understanding that the potential existence is completed, " - explains the expert."It is not quite correct to ask whether the Russian collapse will take place this year, or next or 5 years.
Read also: RF - undernoperia, which is undercale. But what about "Russia"? In his opinion, also the issue of time - when the subjects of the Federation after the rebellious reception will begin to make at the local level certain decisions related to ensure the stability of the "Federation" subject, understanding that the Federal Center showed its inability in the basic question - security.
"So, since the war is absorbing more and more resources, somewhere in Yakutia and in the European part of Russia will be more and more aware of practical decisions" just in case ". It will not be immediately open -minded against the federal center, because it is still powerful. But the fragility of the Federal Center does not take advantage of the lazy, "the expert summed up.
As reported by Ukrinform, Secretary of the Security and Defense Council of Ukraine Alexeydanilov in a speech at the International Conference "Ukraine and NATO of the Prednivnia Summit: on support through the victory of membership" stated that the interruption of the rebellion of the leader of the PEC "Wagner" Yevgeny Prigogin started his transparent. Responsible political politicians.
For its part, the Ambassador of Ukraine to the EU Vsevolod Czentsov noted that the Veuro-European Union has long been a discussion on the actions of the European Community and Member States for various scenarios of events in Russia, including the collapse of the Russian Federation.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731459-rozpad-rosii-e-pitannam-casu-ekspert.html 
Pervomaisk rocket strike: Rescuers still bypass damaged homes 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:50:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T23:50:00+03:00
Description: Rescuers are still inspecting the homes damaged by the Russian rocket in Pervomaisk. Among more than 40 victims are 12 children, including two babies. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16885... ']
Tags: ['Теракт', 'Агресія РФ', 'Зеленський', 'Війна з Росією', 'Ракетний удар']
Type: Article
 Rescuers are still inspecting the homes damaged by the Russian rocket. Among more than 40 victims are 12 children, including two -seizes.
About it during video address President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said, Ukrinform reports.
"Today, Russia has once again hit Kharkiv region, in the city of Pervomaisk, probably rocket Iskander, 8 usual high -rise buildings were damaged, more than 40 people were injured, 12 of them children, two babies. They are less than a year. As of this time, rescuers are still taking out damaged homes, "Zelensky said.
Read also: Russia hit the Pervomaisky Rocket "Iskander -K" -Ignat 
All the victims, as the Head of State added, will be provided with all the necessary help.
The President also stressed that Russia will not escape the responsibility of either this terract or others.
"Russian terrorists want to become model in the way they destroy life. We will become model in how life we protect, how life then corresponds to the right and inevitably for every blow to terrorists," - saidzelensky.
Read also: [on the roof of several units of the Russian units.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731549-zelenskij-na-dahu-kilkoh-energoblokiv-zaes-rosiani-rozmistili-predmeti-shozi-na-vibuhivku.html) 
The President recalled how the Nazis was hiding from responsibility, and not many of them did not escape it.
"We catch the racists much faster." Zelensky said.
!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731532-u-razi-vibuhu-na-zaes-meskanci-zoni-radiacijnoi-avarii-maut-buti-gotovimi-do-evakuacii-moz.html) *
As reported by Ukrinform, around 13:35 July 4 the Russians fired at the city Pervomaisky. The number of wounded according to the latest data has increased to 43. The city has damaged glazing, balconies and doors of nine multi -storey buildings.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731555-raketnij-udar-po-pervomajsku-ratuvalniki-dosi-obhodat-poskodzeni-budinki.html 
The Ukrainian Youth Union of America launched a summer camp in New York 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:51:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:51:00+03:00
Description: In Ellenville (New York, USA), the educational and school camp of the Ukrainian Youth Union of America "Unbreakable Ukraine" has begun, which will last until July 15 and is traditionally the first step towards leadership for the senior youth of the organization. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Діаспора', 'США', 'Молодь']
Type: Article
 In City Elenaville(New York, USA)The educational and school camp of the Union of Ukrainian Youth of America "Unbreakable Ukraine" has begun, which will last until July 15, it is the first step towards the leadership for the senior youth of the organization.
According to Ukrinform, this is stated on Facebook-page Ukrainian Youth Association - Cym Global.
According to the camp, at the camp of youth it reveals its hidden abilities of the pasted skills that will allow them to become not only the editors and educators of their departments, but also future leaders of Sumy.
“The successful completion of this camp allows youth to be submitted to other leadership programs, such as a leading seminar in Washington and exchangers. Participants should speak Ukrainian, because all the examinations take place in Ukrainian. Graduates of the school camp often work as compilers in other camps on Sumy homes, and during the summer season - in departments and cells, ”the post reads.
Sumy congratulated the team and camp participants and wished them a good training of Tagari time among friends and like -minded people.
Recall that in early May the Union of Ukrainian Youth in America announced About the opening of the newly created Dnipro Sumy Division in Bund-Brook, in New Jersey, USA.
Foto: Ukrainian Youth Association - Cym Global / Facebook 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3731329-spilka-ukrainskoi-molodi-ameriki-rozpocala-litne-taboruvanna-u-stati-nujork.html 
In Italy found a tourist who robbed the inscription on the Colosseum 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T18:52:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T18:52:00+03:00
Description: The British tourist, who robbed the inscription on the walls of the Roman Colosseum, apologized for his actions. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16232... ']
Tags: ['Італія', 'Поліція', 'Рим', 'Колізей']
Type: Article
 The British tourist, who robbed the inscription on the walls of the Roman Colosseum, apologized for his actions.
About it reports Euronews , reports Ukrinform.
As it is noted, the 27-year-old British fitness instructor of the Bulgarian arrival Ivan Dimitrov arrived in Rome With her girlfau Galey Brace. The video on which he scratches the inscription on the walls of the wickedness became viral, causing indignation and accusations of vandalism.
Italian carbines quickly tracked and found a tourist in Bulgaria with the help of photographic examination. The police had a conversation with Dimitrov, during which, according to them, the man expressed "sincere repentance."
Read also: eco -activists painted black water in Roman fountain Dimitrov, who lives in Brystole in southwest of England, threatens a fine of up to 15 thousand euros or up to five years in prison, since the Calizable UNESCO is the Colipice.
As it was reported, on social networks there was a video on which the young man will scratch his name and name of his girlfriend On the inner wall of the ancient Roman amphitheater. He left the inscription "Ivan + Gale 23" on the Colosseum.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731461-v-italii-znajsla-turista-akij-viskrabav-napis-na-kolizei.html 
In the capital through heat will introduce traffic restrictions for trucks 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T19:08:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T19:08:00+03:00
Description: From July 5, the traffic restrictions for trucks will be introduced on the street and road network through the heat. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16550... ']
Tags: ['Дороги', 'Транспорт', 'Київ', 'Вантажівка']
Type: Article
 From July 5, Kyiv street-road network will introduce motion restrictions for loading.
About it in telegram The Present Service of the Kyiv City State Administration reports, Ukrinform reports.
"Tomorrow on the street and road network of Kiev, through the heat, they will enter a restraint for trucks," - the message reads.
Thus, at air temperature above +28 ° C from 10:00 to 22:00 on the street network of Kiev will be in force restriction of traffic for heavy transportation tools with a total weight of more than 24 tonnes and load on the axis more than 7 tons.
Restriction applies to both Kiev entry and city movement.
Read also: [in Kiev restore roads where it is most needed(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3725724-u-kievi-vidnovluut-dorogi-tam-de-ce-najbils-neobhidno-klicko.html)Will monitor the observance of these restrictions of the Patrol Police Department in Mistyev.
As reported by Ukrinform, the Kyiv City Military Administration has made decisions on unloading of important road arteries , due to the repairs of which is complicated automobile connection in the city.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731467-u-stolici-cerez-speku-vvedut-obmezenna-ruhu-dla-vantazivok.html 
The Russians disperse fakes about alleged plans of Ukraine to attack Drones - Intelligence 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T19:17:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T19:17:00+03:00
Description: The Russians began to spread fake information on social networks that Ukraine could attack the Zaporizhzhya NPP on the night of July 5. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_14561... ']
Tags: ['Розвідка', 'Запорізька АЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Russians have disseminated on social networks fake information that allegedly on the night of July 5 could attack the Zaporizhzhya NPP with drones.
Andriy Yusov, a representative of the Main Intelligence Directorate, reported this Channel 24 commentary , reports Ukrinform.
The GUR MO emphasized that new exclusions of Russian propaganda regarding the situation of Nazaposhi NPP are "a primitive and false IPSO." Information that Ukraine may allegedly attack the territory of the NPPS, of course, does not meet reality. Yusov stressed that such fakes are related to several aspects.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731392-zaes-vtratila-zivlenna-z-osnovnoi-linii-elektroperedac-magate.html)On the one hand, it is a response to a wide information campaign, which will be Ukrainian in the world with the coverage of Russian invaders in the territory of the Zaporozhye NPP and other critical infrastructure. In addition, Ukraine constantly highlights the facts that can testify to the preparation of the next thermal, such as the destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station.
However, on the other hand, according to Yusov, such informational campaigns and pins can be conducted as preparation and information cover for true terrorist actions.
"But now we do not see any significant change at the station. However, it is worthwhile to vote that the station continues to be under the control to complete the preparation for the terrorist attack. But it is now about raising the degree of nuclear space, conducting IPSO in order to sow panic in Ukrainian society to reduce Ukrainian defenders, "Yusov said.
Read also: Ukraine discusses the possibility of attracting the US to the situation by ZPP In addition, intelligence emphasizes that Russia has indeed exported some of Rosatom staff, who worked in the territory of Zaporizhzhya NPP.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731472-rosiani-rozganaut-fejki-pro-nibito-plani-ukraini-atakuvati-zaes-dronami-rozvidka.html 
Euro 2023. Spain's match - Ukraine will be judged by the Belgian 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T19:17:37+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T19:17:37+03:00
Description: The Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) has appointed arbitrators for the 1/2 finals of the European Youth Championship (players up to 21). - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Футбол']
Type: Article
 The Union of European Football Associations(UEFA)Appointed arbitrators for the 1/2thfinals of the European Youth Championship(Players up to 21st).
Зустріч між збірними Іспанії та України обслуговуватиме 38-річний ЭрикЛамбрехтс з Бельгії, передає Укрінформ.
На лінії працюватимуть співвітчизники головного арбітра Йо де Вейрдт та КевінМонтені, четвертий суддя - Донатас Румшас з Литви. Відеопомічник рефері -Жером Брісар (France), Assistant Video Apier Referee - Rob Diperink(Netherlands).
Матч Іспанія - Україна відбудеться 5 липня у Бухаресті (Romania), Gio start 22.00 Kyiv time.
Another semi -final confrontation between Israel - England has entrusted Moretenekrog from Denmark, which will give a starting whistle at 19.00.
Read also: UAF explained who will be the coach of the national team of Ukraine with Football In at the Olympics The euro-2023 youth finale will take place on July 8 in Batum(Georgia).
Фото: football-fun-live.com.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731471-evro2023-matc-ispania-ukraina-suditime-belgiec.html 
Strike on Pervomaisky: In the Kraken special unit, they associate shelling with the funeral of the brothers 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T19:25:35+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T19:25:35+03:00
Description: The Kraken special unit is convinced that a blow to Pervomaisky in Kharkiv is related to the funeral of their brothers Oleg Fadeenko on the pseudo "Malysh", who died in a hospital from a wound under Bakhmut. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Похорон', 'Харківщина', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Kraken Uspecs are convinced that the blow to Pervomaisky in Kharkiv is related to the funeral of their brothers Oleg Fadeenko on the pseudo "Malysh", who died in a hospital from a wound under Bakhmut.
He wrote about it in telegram Chief of Staff of the Special Forces of the GUR Kraken Konstantin Nechichev, reports Ukrinform.
“While farewell to our brother Oleg Fadeyenko Rusnya struck a rocket launcher on Pervomaisky in Kharkiv region . Nothing new. No honor. Instead of fighting the War, they continue to beat the civilian population. There was a hunching, which is at all 800 meters from the venue. However, it was a purposeful blow to people who came to say goodbye to Zoleng, because during the whole war it is the third arrival in the city, ”said Vichev.
Farewell to Kraken, who served in Kraken, and later in the 3rd OSHB, was reported publicly by local authorities - as in the case of other dead defenders from Kharkiv region.
“I knew him from a teenage age. He grew up, courageous in my eyes. As if he lives according to his separate rules. He was the embodiment of justice in power. He was in the way to master the temperament, put it in shackles, keep it on the chains and release his Kraken to fight evil. But the damned warfare of his life. Wad in peace. You have done a lot in this life. Your law will live forever, ”he wrote the day before in Facebook Mayor of Pervomaisk Mykola Baksheev.
Read also: Number of wounded in Pervomais increased to 43, including 12 children One of the Kraken fighters Sergey Velichko, who was farewell to Fadyenko of Monastery, reported that no one who came to hold Malysha was injured.
Velichko noted that Ukrainian defenders would take revenge on such a blow.As reported by Ukrinform, around 13:35 on July 4 the Russians fired at the city Persvoimaisky . According to the Prosecutor's Office, the invaders used the Iskander rocket. This time is known about 43 victims, including 12 children. The city damages the glazing, balconies and doors of nine multi -storey buildings. In addition, the four -car was burned, as well as one car is damaged.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731475-udar-po-pervomajskomu-u-specpidrozdili-kraken-povazuut-obstril-iz-pohoronom-pobratima.html 
In the south defense forces are fixed on new borders 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T19:29:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T19:29:00+03:00
Description: The forces of defense continue to conduct an offensive operation in the Melitopol and Berdyansk directions, are fixed on the reached boundaries, inflict fire damage from artillery for the enemy's purposes. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16684... ']
Tags: ['Генштаб', 'Обстріл', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Forces of the defense continue to conduct an offensive operation in the Melitopol Taredansk directions, fixed on the reached limits, causing a deposit lesion from the artillery for the enemy's found purposes.
According to Ukrinform, the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine reported on Facebook Having published the prompt information as of 18:00 Tuesday, July 4.
The main efforts, according to the General Staff, the invaders continue to concentrate Nalimansk, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky direction x. The named areas of the front continue heavy fights. During the day there were 30 fights.
Read also: Russians from January tried to move in the East, but they failed - painter In total, Ukrainian aviation per day made 13 beats in the areas of concentration of the personal staff of the Russian army, three-on the anti-aircraft missile complexes, one at its point of management.
The departments of missile troops and artillery, for their part, affected the area of living power, weapons and military equipment of the Russians, three of their ammunition, 18 artillery at fire positions, three means of prototype defense and two radio -electronic warfare stations.
During the day, the Russian army per day made 35 aircraft strikes Tabmyko 50 shelling of rocket launchers on the positions of siloborophe and settlements. She also struck a rocket strike on residential buildings of the city of Pervomaisk Kharkiv region.
As a result of Russian attacks, the civilian population was injured, damaged houses, economic and administrative buildings and private car transport.
The General Staff warns: the likelihood of rocket launchers throughout the Russians remains high throughout Ukraine.
Read also: defense forces gradually move on one of the flankbachmut and in the south - painter In Volyn and Polissya directions The operational situation has been significantly variable. Signs of formation of offensive groups have not been identified. In the Kupyansk direction the invaders tried to advance in the area more than a day from the Novoselselovsk Luhansk region.
"Our warriors keep the defense stable, reflecting all the attacks of the enemy," - said Venzhabi.
Artillery and mortar strikes of the Russian army were suffered by Odrada, Novomlinsk, two -year, Western, Kupyansk, Masutivka and Kislivka Kharkiv region.
In the Lyman direction During the day with the support of aviation, the enemy tried to defense of defense from the positions in the area that is western and south of the Luhansk region, but there was no success.
More than 10 inhabited punks, including Nevskoye and Bigorivka, Luhansk region, Verkhnyamyanskoye, Berestovo, Vesele and Razdolivka of Donetsk region, have been shot in the mentioned direction in the mentioned direction.
In the Bakhmut direction Under the dense fire of aviation and artillery, Russian defenders successfully reflected enemy attacks in the Bogdanivka region.
Ukrainian troops continue to take offensive actions to the south and north of Bakhmut, fixed on the reached boundaries. From enemy artillery shelling More than 15 painted points were injured, among them-Vasyukivka, Markovo, Bogdanivka, Chrome, Ivanivske, Yar, Tickivka, Alexander-Shultine and North Donetsk region.
In the Avdeevsky direction Defense forces continue to restrain the Nutprose troops in the Avdiivka area of Donetsk region. More than 10 settlements were suffering from the artillery of the enemy, including reeds, Berdychi, Stepovo, Avdiivka, Tonny and Pervomaisk Donetsk region.
In the Marine direction under the fire of enemy artillery, the forces of defense reflected all theatti of the Russians in the Marinka area. The invaders fired at more than 10 inhabited donations, including Krasnogorivka, St. George, Acute, Marinka and the connecting region.
In the Shakhtar direction the Russian army hit the aviation in the districtwing of Donetsk region and fired at more than 15 settlements, includinganovomikhailivka, coal, Novoukrainka, Prychistivka, Makarivka and Zelene of Polish region.
In Zaporizhzhya and Kherson directions The enemy concentrates the main efforts to prevent the promotion of defense units. In the area of the Rivillya Zaporozhye region, the Russians struck. Read also: the number of wounded in Pervomaisky increased to 43, average - 12 children In the temporarily captured little -haired of Donetsk region, the location of the Russian troops was found. It is established that the invaders continue to regulate the rules of international humanitarian law, laws and customs of war.
According to the General Staff, the Russian military is almost constantly consumed by alcohol and drunkenly bullied civilians, causing them to be more damaged and engaged in looting.
According to Ukrinform, according to military expert Alexei Hetman, the Armed Forces of Ukraine may half reduce the artillery potential the enemy.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731480-na-melitopolskomu-j-berdanskomu-napramkah-sili-oboroni-zakripluutsa-na-novih-rubezah.html 
500 UAVs are transferred to the Ukrainian military as part of the Drone Army Project 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T19:35:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T19:35:00+03:00
Description: Within the range of Drone Army, more than 500 drones and opto-electronic complexes were transferred to the Ukrainian military, purchased through the United Fandexing Platform. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ["Держспецзв'язку", 'Війна з Росією', 'Армія дронів']
Type: Article
 Within the Drone Army, more than 500 non-500-electronic complexes were transferred to the Ukrainian military.
About it reports [State Service of Special Communication and Information Protection]](https://cip.gov.ua/ua/news/pidsilyuyemo-ukrayinsku-armiyu-suchasnoyu-tekhnikoyu-peredayemo-viiskovim-she-ponad-500-bezpilotnikiv-ta-optiko-elektronnikh-kompleksiv), reports Ukrinform.
“Our most important goal is to do everything possible to ensure that the Ukrainian military can only effectively, but without loss, to perform combat tasks, resistance. We continue to work on providing the army and drone, and other modern technologies, ”said Yuri Shchigol, the head of the State Secretariat.
Read also: " Army Drones " per week destroyed 75 units of equipment - Fedorov The Armed Forces transmit 6 Flirt-Cetus unmanned aircraft complexes; 40-STEN-2; 100-PHOENIX 03 Heavy Ucav; 45 - Skyknight; 6-Penguine MK-2; 2 - EOS CVTOL; 6-R-18, 5 quadcopters DJI Mavic 3 E; 18 - Mavic 3T, 3 - DJI M300. As well-290 opto-electronic complexes of the owl artillery intelligence for determining the coordinates of hostile goals and correction of fire.
In addition, 22 Renault Duster SUVs were purchased to provide government commanders, representatives of force safety and defense, military-civilian administrations. The cars will operate in the warfare, in the liberated territories, where the nodes are communicated with rocket attacks.
Read also: in Ukraine over 100 companies produce drones -Feders As it was reported, the Drone Army is a project started by the General Staff and the Ministry of Defense. It is a comprehensive program within which systeminasacup of drones, their repair, as well as training courses of relevant specialists. The program started on July 1.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731481-ukrainskim-vijskovim-peredaut-500-bpla-u-ramkah-proektu-armia-droniv.html 
In Kharkiv region in the forest on an explosive, a woman was blown up 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T19:36:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T19:36:00+03:00
Description: A 70-year-old woman was blown up on an explosive object in the Kharkiv region in Kharkiv region, and was hospitalized with severe injury. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16503... ']
Tags: ['Ліс', 'Вибух', 'Харківщина', 'Ізюм']
Type: Article
 The Kharkiv region in the Kharkiv region on an explosive object was blown up by a 70-year-old woman, she was hospitalized with severe injury.
This was reported in telegram SES press service in Kharkiv region, Ukrinform reports.
“On July 4, at 2:30 pm, another accident caused by the operation of an unknown -hazardous object was caused in the Izyum district. He was encountered by a 70-year-old woman, a visiting array. The explosion was a mine -explosive injury associated with the prostitute of the right foot and fragmentary wounds, ”the message reads.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730968-v-izumi-vibuhivka-zdetonuvala-u-colovika-v-rukah.html)As reported by Ukrinform, the territory of Kharkiv region is tightly replaced. Voblast, as of July 3, there were already 200 blasts(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-zagibel)More than 60 were injured.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731482-na-harkivsini-u-lisi-na-vibuhivci-pidirvalasa-zinka.html 
Rotan: "Guys are motivated, we understand the power of the Spanish national team" 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T19:39:19+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T19:39:19+03:00
Description: The head coach of the youth team of Ukraine in Football Ruslan Rotan at a press conference answered the question on the eve of the semi-final match of the European Championships 2023 (U21) against the team of Spain. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Футбол', 'Молодь']
Type: Article
 The chief trainer of the youth team of Ukraine in football Ruslan Rotan at the press conference led to questions on the eve of the semi-final match of the Championships-2023(U21)Against the Spanish team.
As reports press service Ukrainian Football Association(Waf), Rotan did not deny the possible participation in the match by the scanners of the forward Bohdan Vyunnik, who is recovering from his hand injury, Ukrinform reports.
“The game misses Kryski through the bust of yellow cards. The same problem with the hand is a Vyunnik -tomorrow we will do the check, maybe he will go to the field ", -said the" blue and yellow "mentor.
As for the future rival, Rotan stressed: “We understand the power of the team, it is a very powerful team. We met in a group(2:2), but a predetermined game. Spain at the youth level played everyone, played all the tournaments. We know it well and remember, we are aware of the strength of this rival ... We have no problems. The boys are motivated, step by step, the next is the most difficult, ”Ruslan Rotan emphasized.
We will remind, the match of the 1/2 finals of youth Euro -2023 Spain - Ukraine will take place on July 5 in the capital of Romania Bucharest, the beginning - at 22.00 Kyiv time.
Read also: Euro-2023. Spain match - Ukraine will be judged by the Belgian In another semi-final match Euro-2023 at 19.00 the teams of Israel Taanglia will come together.
The European Championship Final will be held on July 8 in Batum(Georgia).
Фото: uaf.ua.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731484-rotan-hlopci-vmotivovani-mi-rozumiemo-silu-zbirnoi-ispanii.html 
The Armed Forces warn of possible preparation by the Russians provocation at the Zaporozhye NPP 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T19:47:34+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T19:47:34+03:00
Description: The Armed Forces of Ukraine warn of possible training by Russian invaders of provocation at the Zaporozhye NPP. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16463... ']
Tags: ['ЗСУ', 'Запорізька АЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Arms of Ukraine warn of possible preparation by Russian invaders of provisions at the Zaporizhzhia NPP.
According to Ukrinform, the Armed Forces press service reported on Facebook .
"Збройні сили України офіційно повідомляють про можливу підготовку найближчимчасом провокації на території Запорізької атомної електростанції, окупованоїросійськими терористами з 4 березня 2022 року", — ідеться у повідомленні.
Читайте також: Росіяни розганяють фейки про нібито плани Україниатакувати ЗАЕС дронами – розвідка Thus, according to operational data, on Tuesday, July 4, on the outer roof of the third fourth power units of NPPs, the invaders placed foreign objects, similar to explosive devices.
As noted in the Armed Forces, undermining such devices should not damage the power units, but can create a picture of shelling by Ukraine, which is differently misinforming Russian media and telegrams.
"The Armed Forces of Ukraine do not violate the norms of international humanitarian law, monitor the situation and are ready to act under any conditions. No provocation of the enemy will pass," the Armed Forces emphasized.
Read also: [Naev: Northern border was reinforced by personnel and equipment through events around **(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731377-pivnicnij-kordon-posilili-osobovim-skladom-ta-bojovou-tehnikou-cerez-podii-navkolo-zaes-naev.html)According to Ukrinform, the Russians began to spread information on social networks that Ukraine may attack the NPP on July 5 on July 5.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731487-zsu-poperedzaut-pro-mozlivu-pidgotovku-rosianami-provokacii-na-zaporizkij-aes.html 
Painter: Our offensive has not increased the number of losses 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T19:48:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T19:48:00+03:00
Description: The offensive of the Armed Forces in the eastern and southern directions has not increased the number of losses. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16602... ']
Tags: ['Війна з Росією', 'Ганна Маляр', 'Контрнаступ', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 The offensive of the eastern and southern directions has not increased the number of losses.
About it on the air of the nationwide TELEXON "The only news" of the Talazalaspanpian of the Minister of Defense Anna Malyar, Ukrinform reports.
"More losses are expected during the offensive. dead](https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-zagibel), from the last digits of the south -ratio that we have 5 times smaller(military - ed)It dies there. Ceslated figure. And we gave the east - 8 times less, " - said the painter.
According to the Deputy Minister, this is explained by the fact that the Ukrainian command is the importance of conservation of lives.
Read also: in the south of the defense forces are fixed on new borders "Choosing between the rapid promotion and the lives of people, our military will always elect our people's lives," the painter said.
As reported by Ukrinform, the commander of the operational-strategic group "Tavriya" General Oleksandr Tarnavsky reported that at the Tavriya Napryamka the Armed Forces of Ukraine have advancement , Russian is knocked out of a number of positions.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731488-malar-nas-nastup-ne-zbilsiv-kilkist-vtrat.html 
The President will hold a meeting on security issues with the Ministry of Internal Affairs and the SBU 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T19:57:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T23:57:00+03:00
Description: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky will hold a meeting on security issues with the leadership of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and the SBU. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16775... ']
Tags: ['Клименко', 'МВС', 'СБУ', 'Зеленський', 'Василь Малюк']
Type: Article
 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky will hold a meeting on security issues with the leadership of the Ministry of Education and Science.
The Head of State said this during video return , reports Ukrinform.
"There will be a meeting with the Minister of Internal Affairs Klimenko and the head of the Child Security Service, about the new challenges of our security and the overall situation," the President said.
He added that a intelligence meeting was also held.
Read also: [on the roof of several units of the Russian units.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731549-zelenskij-na-dahu-kilkoh-energoblokiv-zaes-rosiani-rozmistili-predmeti-shozi-na-vibuhivku.html) 
"We know how to put terrorists in place. Thank you to all our soldiers," said Zelene.
As reported by Ukrinform, on March 4, 2022, the Russians captured ZPES . On June 22, 2023, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced Russia's plans to arrange a terrorist attack of the instruction.
On June 30, the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense reported that the Russian contingent gradually leaves the territory of the Zaporozhye nuclear power plant.
Foto: SBU 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731553-prezident-provede-naradu-sodo-pitan-bezpeki-z-kerivnictvom-mvs-ta-sbu.html 
Borrel called the need for further support of Ukraine the main lesson of rebellion in 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T1:58:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:58:00+03:00
Description: The high representative of the EU commented on the lessons that the European Union and the World Community should be made from attempts by military rebellion that shook the Russian state. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16675... ']
Tags: ['ПВК "Вагнера"', 'Пригожин', 'Боррель']
Type: Article
 The high representative of the EU commented on the lessons that the European Union and the World Security Committee should be taken out of attempts by the military rebellion that the Russian state.
According to Ukrinform, about it in its own blog [on the website of the European External Action]](https://www.eeas.europa.eu/eeas/what-conclusions-should-we-draw-prigozhins-mutiny_en?channel=eeas_press_alerts&date=2023-07-04&newsid=0&langid=en&source=mail)The high representative of the EU Josep Borrel wrote.
The first lesson, in his opinion, is that the aggressive war against Ukraine Vladimir Putin's weakening is much more than many observers thought. "Angry 2022, it seemed to continue or even strengthened his authority, despite some devastating defeat of the Russian army in Ukraine. At the same time, the viewing was reported that the Russian economy was not(still)Seriously affected by the war. The rebellion of Prigogine and the fact that almost no force has resisted the capture of the main Russian headquarters in the war of anti -Ukraine, as well as then - the march to Moscow, showed the entire depth of split by the Urosian army and in the state apparatus, "Borsel wrote.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731386-u-rozvidci-vvazaut-so-prigozin-u-bilorusi-buvatime-ale-ne-bazuvatimetsa.html)He recalled that on June 27, Putin for the first time publicly acknowledged that the Wagner Group really received massive support and financing by the Russian state. According to Borrel, Putin created a monster, and now this monster began to bite himself. The fact that a group of mercenaries funded by the state opened fire to a regular army demonstrates the degree of pathology of Putin Russia.
The high representative of the EU called "symbolic", which before the planned rebellious Prishozhin opposed the official narrative, which the Kremlin uses in attempts to go to the war, and denied any reports of aggressive Planikiev or NATO. Instead, he accused the Defense Minister Shoigu of spreading for the sake of personal ambitions. Borrel expressed his hope that more and more people around the world would be asked to be asked by a monipulative official narrative, which Putin, Lavrov and others spread about this. Read also: Chubarov binds statements about the attempt on Aksenov with a rebellion Prigogine a According to him, the increasing risk of instability that is the result of a rebellion, especially dangerous in a country that has nuclear weapons. One prudent conclusions coming out of the Russian aggressive war are that Poutin Russia poses the greatest threat to European and global security, since its nuclear arsenal does not reduce, but only increases the danger of a civilized world.
“This is another reason why we must continue to support the Armed Forces in the withdrawal of Russian troops away from the country. The victory of Ukraine is the best way to achieve a just peace, based on the international right that Ukraine needs and deserves. Such peace can also open the process of change for Russia, which is a prerequisite for a long -haired shape. Russian history shows that when the changes occur, they can quickly. We have to be prepared for this, ”Borrel said.
It was reported that on June 23, a military rebellion took place in Russia, during which Wagner group seized a military headquarters in Rostov-on-Don, installed full control over the city and moved to Moscow, without meeting almost no lineage, except for the task of air strikes by government. strength. Finally, the leader of the Wagner PEC Yevgeny Prigogin abandoned his plans, a jerk "unwillingness to shed Russian blood." Meanwhile, the large -scale arrests of the Russian generals indicate that the rebellion was a wider plan, the knife of the head of the Wagner group himself.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731533-borrel-nazvav-neobhidnist-podalsoi-pidtrimki-ukraini-golovnim-urokom-zakolotu-v-rosii.html 
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated nearly 800 invaders, destroyed 32 artsystems and 6 RSZV 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T20:00:00-04:00
Description: Zagalni Boyov, take the enemy on 02.24.22 to 04/04/23 Orintovo to become: ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, War With Ukraine in 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' d09eeee2-ce46-4b4f-9df0-8d86cd6350ec-scaled.jpg ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ВТРАТИ ВОРОГА', 'ГШ ЗСУ']
Category: News
 The total fighting loss of the enemy from 24.02.22 to 04.07.23 will be orientated:
Personnel - * 231030(+770)persons eliminated tanks - 4059(+2) combat armored vehicles - 7908(+9) Artillery Systems - 4252(+32) RSZV - 647(+6) air defense - 394(+3) aircraft - 315(0) helicopters - * 309(0) UAV Operative Tactical Level- 3602(+29) Winged missiles - 1264(0) ships / boats - * 18(0) Automobile equipment and tanks - 6843(+9) Special equipment - 590(0)The data is specified ...
Beat the occupier!Let's win together!Our power is in truth!
Source: General Staff of Armed Forces As of 04.07.23.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-800-okupantiv-znyshhyly-32-artsystemy-i-6-rszv/ 
Russian DRGs tried to break through in the Seversky and Slobozhansky directions - the General Staff 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T20:00:09+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T20:00:09+03:00
Description: In the Siversky and Slobozhansky directions, the enemy made unsuccessful attempts to penetrate DRG through the State Border of Ukraine, suffered losses and retreated. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_14766... ']
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Харківщина', 'Війна з Росією', 'Диверсанти']
Type: Article
 The enemy made the enemy of the last day of the last day, the enemy made an attempt to penetrate the DRG through the State Border of Ukraine, suffered losses.
According to Ukrinform, the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine reported on Facebook .
«Для прикриття відходу ДРГ застосував ствольну та реактивну артилерію» -йдеться у повідомленні.
Читайте також: На півдні Сили оборони закріплюються на нових рубежах The summary of the General Staff also states that in these areas during the recruitment carried out mortar and artillery shelling More than 15 settlements. These are, in particular, Karpovichi, Mikhalchyna Sloboda, Chernihiv region; Mid-Budda, Vovkivka of Sumy region and similation, Udi, Vovchansk, Okhrimivka, Earthly Kharkov region.
According to Ukrinform, the major efforts continue to concentrate the Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Marinsk directions. The named areas of the front continue heavy fights. During the day there were 30 fights.
The forces of defense continue to conduct an offensive operation in the Melitopol Taredansk directions, fixed on the reached boundaries.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731492-rosijski-drg-namagalisa-prorvatisa-na-siverskomu-j-slobozanskomu-napramkah-genstab.html 
The British Admiral commented on the course of Ukrainian counter -offensive 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T20:02:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T20:02:00+03:00
Description: Admiral Tony Radakin's Defense Head of Defense Tony Radakin believes that the Ukrainian military is now trying to take the plot of the Russians in order to destroy the enemy's defense during the next stage of the counter -offensive. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16879... ']
Tags: ['Британія', 'Війна з Росією', 'Контрнаступ']
Type: Article
 Admiral Tony Radakin's Defense Head of Defense, Tony Radakin, believes that the Ukrainian Russian is now trying to take the porch of the Russians in order to destroy the enemy's defense during the next stage of the counter -offensive.
According to Ukrinform, writes this The Guardian .
The Admiral emphasized that the counter -offensive of the Ukrainian military has yet begun.
Read also: Russia uses a dense mining to slow down counter -offensive Armed Forces in the South - Britain Intelligence According to him, now Ukrainians are trying to use the "taking with a star, stretch and strikes". In this way, they want the defense of Russian invaders.
The headquarters of the Britain's defense headquarters also added that it is now unfair to bind Ukraine to certain terms and tell that the counter -offensive will slowly.
"The counter -offensive has never been a single act," he said.
Read also: publications in the media about "slow counter -offensive " are not influential to the help of Ukraine - Foreign Ministry "Even over the last few weeks, Ukraine has taken more positions, Larerosia in the last year. Russia is so weak that it has no strength for a significant counter -offensive," the Admiral said.
As reported by Ukrinform, Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba stated that the publication of the Media about the "slow Ukrainian counter -offensive" is not influenced by the deposits of Western leaders on the supply of weapons to Ukraine. At the same time, they have a refined effect on public sentiment in some countries.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731493-britanskij-admiral-prokomentuvav-hid-ukrainskogo-kontrnastupu.html 
Yermak-Macfola group presented a new document to strengthen sanctions against MIC 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T20:11:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T20:11:00+03:00
Description: The International Working Group on Sanctions against Russia, headed by Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and Director of the Institute for International International Research FSI-Michael Michael McFol, presented a new document to strengthen sanctions against Russian MIC. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15918... ']
Tags: ['Санкції', 'Єрмак', 'Макфол']
Type: Article
 International Warning Group on Sanctions against Russia, headed by Presidentandri Ermak Head and Director(FSI)Ambassador Michael McFol presented a new document to strengthen the sanctions of the Anti -Russian MIC.
According to Ukrinform, it reports Presidential Office .
International Working Group on Sanctions Against Ermak-Macfola, Presentation Report(№ 12), aimed at limiting the access of Russian MIC of dozid technologies.
The head of the head of state stated that this document contains a conviction of how the Western components continue to contribute to a full -scale invasion of the Nazi and the war against Ukraine. The Russian Rocket X-101, which killed 11 people, including one child on June 13, in the five-storey residential building Kryvyi Rih, contained 53 critical components obtained by outmodic countries, Yermak reminded.
Read also: [List of Russian propagandists and "military", which have been filled up to 11 EU sanctions]](https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726880-spisok-rosijskih-propagandistiv-i-voenkoriv-aki-potrapili-do-11-paketu-sankcij-es.html)According to him, the report provides detailed recommendations on how to stop the critical missile components from the democratic states of Dorosis.
"In the case of their implementation, we will substantially limit Russia to produce noviracks and replenish our arsenal," Yermak emphasized.
He stressed that in the second half of 2022 it was able to restore and even exceed the extent of the exquisite level of import of critical components for the production of variant weapons.
"All the information contained in this report, and we have passed all the evidence to our international partners, and now we expect decisive, quick and effective actions," Yermak reported.
Read also: peace in Europe is only possible after Ukraine's victory - Ermak In his opinion, it is important not only to significantly strengthen the sanctions, but also to significantly improve the order and practice of applying existing restrictions.According to the first Viceremier-Minister-Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliasviridenko, it is necessary to strengthen the sanctions until the full loss of the state-terrorist, to continue to wage the aggressive war.
Read also: Ukraine will become one of the key countries of the European Union and NATO -Expossol of the United States in Russia McFol The report demonstrates that the basis of the modern military apparatus of Russia still depends on the complex electronics coming from developed countries. In particular, the micro -chips of Western production have been discovered in each type of type, which was investigated by Ukrainian authorities.
The analysis of 1057 foreign components of Russian military equipment produced155 companies demonstrates that access to critically important Western technologies from the beginning of the 2022 war and the first quarter of 2023 is in the chain of military deliveries.
The research has shown that critically important components found on the battlefield last year are contained in a wide range of weapons, including rockets, armored vehicles, artillery, helicopters, HRB, etc.
“For 155 companies whose products were identified in Russian weapons, in 2022 it accounted for $ 2.9 billion. At the same time, the supply is almost completely due to thirdicrains, ”said the Secretary of the International Expert Group on the Sanction Uvladyslav Vlasyuk.
The report was prepared by representatives of the International Working Group of Yermak-Macfola of the Takyiv School of Economics.
The International Working Group on Sanctions Against Russia works on behalf of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky.
As reported by Ukrinform, on June 23, the European Union published details on the content of the 11th Package of Sanctions, which was officially approved by the EU Council.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731497-grupa-ermakamakfola-predstavila-novij-dokument-sodo-posilenna-sankcij-proti-rosijskogo-vpk.html 
The government has improved legislation in the field of subsoil use 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T20:13:37+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T20:13:37+03:00
Description: The Cabinet of Ministers has approved amendments to a number of legal acts in the field of subsoil use in order to exercise proper management of state rights and to ensure appropriate control in the industry. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16800... ']
Tags: ['Кабмін', 'Уряд', 'Закон']
Type: Article
 The Cabinet of Ministers has approved amendments to a number of normative legal acts in the spheresadro-use in order to exercise proper management of the rights of the state in the field of relevant control in the industry.
About it in telegram The constant representative of the Cabinet of Ministers in the Verkhovna Rada Taras Melnychuk reported, Ukrinform reports.
"Changes are aimed at fulfilling the requirements of the Law of Ukraine of 01.12.2022 No. 2805-IX" On Amendments to Certain Legislative Acts of Ukraine on Improvement Proper management of the rights of the state and ensuring appropriate control, ”the message reads.
According to the explanatory note to the project of the resolution, changes to the procedure for conducting auctions Sale of special permits for the use of subsoil, in particular, the submission and all necessary documents for participation in auctions through the electronic cap of the subsoil user on the state geological web portal.
The prosectors of the Act of the State Service on the State Service of Geology of Tangadr of Ukraine provide for the creation and maintenance of the functioning of a single -state electronic geoinformation system for the use of subsoil and its components, etc.
Read also: Ukraine invites German business to invest in development subsoil It is expected that the adoption of the resolution will ensure the openness and transparency of sphernovis, observance of the rights and legitimate interests of the subject.
As it was reported, the Cabinet of Ministers approved the Resolution "On Approval of the State Register of Special Permissions for Use", which will help to increase transparency in the sphere of over -use.
Foto: Cabinet 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731499-urad-udoskonaliv-zakonodavstvo-u-sferi-koristuvanna-nadrami.html 
Painter about the likelihood of a terrorist attack on the ZPE: no limits for the madness of 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T20:15:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T20:15:00+03:00
Description: There should be no illusions about the actions of the Russian Federation, in particular, around the ZPP. Therefore, it is important to be prepared for this moral and not only. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16862... ']
Tags: ['Запорізька АЕС', 'Ганна Маляр', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 There should be no illusions about the actions of the Russian Federation, in particular, around the ZPP. Therefore, it is important to be ready for it morally and not only.
About it on the air of the nationwide TELEXON "The only news" of the Talazalaspanpian of the Minister of Defense Anna Malyar, Ukrinform reports.
"There can be no illusions about the Russian Federation, and there can be no conversation of a post -scaleworning war, whether they can resort to it or not whether they go(Penalum - Ed.). Немає меж, на які не пішла б Росія у своємубезумстві. Тому важливо, щоб ми були, по-перше, морально до цього готові; по-друге, ми вже навчені до всього готуватися. Ми повинні бути до всього готові,у нас іншого виходу нема", - зазначила Маляр.
Читайте також: Росіяни розганяють фейки про нібито плани Україниатакувати ЗАЕС дронами – розвідка As reported by Ukrinform, on March 4, 2022, the Russians seized the ZPP. On June 22, 20123, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced Russia's plans to arrange a terract at the station.
The Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Alexei Danilov reported that Ukraine is carefully preparing for any scenarios for the development of the events of the Zaporozhye NPP.
On June 30, the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense reported that the Russian contingent gradually leaves the territory of the Zaporozhye nuclear power plant.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731392-zaes-vtratila-zivlenna-z-osnovnoi-linii-elektroperedac-magate.html)At the end of June 2023 in the Nikolaev, Kherson, Zaporizhzhia, Dnipropetrovsk regions, large -scale exercises of emergency services for the consequences of a possible terrorist attack at the ZPP.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731477-malar-pro-jmovirnist-teraktu-na-zaes-nemae-mez-dla-bezumstva-rosii.html 
Russia hit the Pervomaisky Iskander -K missile - Ignati 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T20:20:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T20:20:00+03:00
Description: Russia applied the Iskander-K missile. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Харківщина', 'Війна з Росією', 'Єдині новини', 'Юрій Ігнат']
Type: Article
 Russia was on the Pervomaisky Iskander-K missile.
This was said on the nationwide TELEXON "The only news" by the Air Force Air Force, Yuri Ignat, Ukrinform reports.
"What happened in Pervomaisky in Kharkiv is another terrorist act.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-raketa). Just like the Jiscander-M, it starts with a latent position, a hidden position, and a very short time, both in Iskander-M and in Iskander-K, from start to arrival. That is why these weapons are dangerous, especially in the frontline territories, where the enemy can place them close and strike in settlements, "Ignat said.
He noted that the enemy is currently using everything he has armaments - rocket -300, controlled aircraft, UAVs like ShahED.
Read also: KROSKENSE ** PERVOMIS: In the Kraken Special Forces, the firing with the funeral of the twin In particular, Shahd in Sumy region, Kharkiv, Chernihiv, Poltava region launches the Zbryansky region of Russia, their speed - about 150 km per hour. According to the screw, the winged missiles fly in an hour and a half, "calibers" from the Black Sea- half an hour.
That is why the authorities also turn to anyone who has the opportunity from the danger zone.
As reported by Ukrinform, about 13:35 July 4 Russians fired at the city Persvoimaisky . According to the latest data, the number of time has increased to 43. The city damages the glazing, balconies and doors of nine multi -storey buildings. In addition, the four -car was burned, as well as one car is damaged.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731500-rosia-zastosuvala-po-pervomajskomu-raketu-iskanderk-ignat.html 
The Ukrainian Football Student team won bronze at the European Championship 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T20:26:07+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T20:26:07+03:00
Description: The Tiran (Albania) has ended the European Football Championship among higher education institutions. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Футбол']
Type: Article
 In tyrann(Albania)The European Football Championship has ended among higher education institutions.
As the official [site] reports(https://uaf.ua/article/48724)Ukrainian Football Association(Waf), the men's national team of Ukraine represented by the State Trade and Economic University(Kyiv)She became a bronze medalist, reports Ukrinform.
Ukrainian players took first place in the group stage, overcome(France)- 2: 0 Tunaver Friburga(Switzerland)- 6: 1. In the quarterfinals the people of Kiev victorious university Timisoara(Romania)- 5-0, in the semifinals in the penalty series gave way to the University of Würzburg(Germany)- 0:0(4:5). Після цього вматчі за третє місце українці знову обіграли Університет Руана - 3:0, тож упідсумку фінішували третіми.
Читайте також: УАФ роз'яснила, хто буде тренером збірної України з футбол у на Олімпіаді Ukrainian football players at the group stage gave way to Bordeaux University(France)- 2: 6 and beat the University of Zagreb(Croatia)- 1: 0. The Dnipro -Lyon University of Dnieper Lyon's University(France)- 3: 4, after which Barcelona University was brought(Spain)- 5: 1 and Norwegian University of Science -3: 0. As a result, our team took fifth place.
Photo: Football2023.eusa.eu.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731502-studentska-zbirna-ukraini-z-futbolu-zdobula-bronzu-na-cempionati-evropi.html 
In Transcarpathia, the massive fish were recorded 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T20:27:58+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T20:27:58+03:00
Description: In the village of Chopovtsi in Transcarpathia, a massive sea was recorded, which can be triggered by a discharge into the river of pollutants. Losses of the environment are estimated at millions of hryvnias. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15064... ']
Tags: ['Закарпаття', 'Риба']
Type: Article
 In the village of Chopovtsi, Nazakarpatti recorded a massive fish, which can be triggered by the discharge of pollutants. Losses of the environment are estimated at millions of hryvnias.
According to Ukrinform, about it on Facebook The Transcarpathian Ova reported.
“Under the leadership of the first deputy chairman of OVA Miroslav Biletsky, the Regional Commission on TEB and NS was held. The focus is the most common situation in the village. The Chopivtsi of the Velikoluchkiv Territorial Community of Mukachevo District and is connected with the mass sea of fish. The fact of the death of aquatic bioresources was recorded on June 23 near the bridge of Polei Polei Bridge.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729853-u-peredmisti-harkova-stavsa-mor-ribi-v-ricci-udi.html)The staff of the State Inspectorate in the Transcarpathian region found that the deadrich was covered with a water mirror from the automobile bridge in the village. Chopivtsi to S. Zhukov. It is probably about the discharge into the river of pollutants.
The results of laboratory tests of water samples have shown the level of excess of the pond in the reservoir several times.
It is noted that the affected area stretched for more than 13 thousand square meters, and millions of losses were caused.
Read also: in Mariupol the invaders turned into a river landfill As reported by Ukrinform, in the suburbs of Kharkiv there was a mass death of the UDI fish, law enforcement officers began criminal proceedings.
Photo illustrative
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731503-na-zakarpatti-zafiksuvali-masovij-mor-ribi.html 
The State Property Fund creates a unit for managing the seized assets of the Russian Federation 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T20:33:37+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T20:33:37+03:00
Description: The State Property Fund will create a unit that will be engaged in the management of sub -property and property in the temporarily occupied territories. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16316... ']
Tags: ['ФДМУ', 'Росія', 'Конфіскація активів']
Type: Article
 The fund of state property will create a unit that will be engaged in the management of sub -training property and property in the temporarily occupied territories.
This was reported by the Press Service FDMU , reports Ukrinform.
"The SPFU announces the selection to the post of head of the department of escorting property and property in the temporarily occupied territories," - said the news.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721939-fdmu-planue-stvoriti-zemelnij-bank-ta-fond-investicijnoi-neruhomosti.html)It is emphasized that the newly created unit will be engaged in the Department of Encouraged Assets of the Russian Federation and its residents, the organization of joint work with VAKS, the Ministry of Justice, the National Security and Defense Council and other law enforcement agencies regarding such assets, as well as ensuring the preparation for their lease or privatization.
It was reported, State Property Fund of Ukraine In July 2023, 54 objects in July 2023.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731504-u-fondi-derzmajna-stvoruut-pidrozdil-z-upravlinna-vilucenimi-aktivami-rf.html 
The enemy intensified fires on the northern border - Ministry of Defense 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T20:35:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T20:35:00+03:00
Description: On the northern border, the enemy enhances shelling to keep Ukrainian forces there. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16562... ']
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Малярія', 'Війна з Росією', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 The enemy's half -nerve border enhances shelling to keep Ukrainian forces there.
About it on the air of the nationwide TELEXON "The only news" of the Talazalaspanpian of the Minister of Defense Anna Malyar, Ukrinform reports.
"Northern border we divide on border with Belarus and the border with Russia. There is a slightly different situation. There is the same that shelters are carried out and periodically, to concentrate our forces so that we cannot use these troops on other tracks on both sides. The Russians chose such tactics, "the painter said.
On the border with Russia, according to her, there are constantly a number of troops. In Belarus, military exercises are constantly ongoing, Russian troops are tumed.
Read also: Armed Forces warn about the possible preparation of the Russians at the Zaporozhye NPP "The northern border is really fortified, and we have repeatedly reported the teaching, which are jointly conducted by the Armed Forces, the Border Guards, the National Guard. Tambrately strengthened defense. As it happened in February - now it is impossible. It is important to prepare everything - so we are getting ready," - said.
As reported by Ukrinform, the Commander of the Joint Forces Lieutenant General Sergeyev reported that in connection with the events around the Zaporizhzhya nuclear station, a decision was paid on the strengthening of the Northern border Our stores both personnel and combat equipment.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731491-vorog-posiliv-obstrili-na-pivnicnomu-kordoni-minoboroni.html 
In Sumy region, they create a regional system for detecting air targets 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T20:45:12+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T20:45:12+03:00
Description: In Sumy region, a regional system of detection of air goals is created to enhance the air defense system. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16787... ']
Tags: ['Сумщина', 'Війна з Росією', 'ППО']
Type: Article
 On Sumyshchyna, the reinforcement of the air defense system creates a regional system of organizing air goals.
As Ukrinform reports, it reported in telegram Sumy Ova.
“Now at the final stage of creation of a modern regional system for the development of air goals to improve efficiency and improve the application of firearms of air defense of the Armed Forces. This system will only be used by the Uzum region to detect the air attack in a timely manner, ”the OVA chief Vladimir Artyukh said.
According to him, in May, he prepared an appeal to the senior management of the NSDC to reinforce the forces and means of those groups of the Armed Forces, which are located in the territory of Sumy region.
“According to the results of these appeals today there is a gradual increase in the forces(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-ppo). Despite the fact that they are active fighting in other regions of Ukraine, the military leadership of the finding of the strengthening of the air defense system in the Sumy region. And one of the Shahmed, who gave up the city of Sumy, was shot down by our military, ”Artyukh added.
Read also: in the case of a terrorist attack on the ZPPU special systems alert - Lyashko The chief of the Ova reported that from May to 3 July Sumy region was attacked 25-MABPL. These blows died 12 people and 27 injured, including a child. In addition, 23 buildings, 10 units of car equipment and other property were destroyed.
As reported by Ukrinform, in Sumy as a result of Russian attack by drones of innovations, on July 3, killed Three people, 21 wounded. _ Photo Illustrative: Getty Images _
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731508-na-sumsini-stvoruut-regionalnu-sistemu-viavlenna-povitranih-cilej.html 
The OSCE Parliamentary Assembly recognized Russia with a sponsor of terrorism, and the Wagnerians were terrorists 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T20:49:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T20:49:00+03:00
Description: The OSCE Parliamentary Assembly recognized the Russian Federation with sponsor-terrorism, and Wagner PEC was a terrorist organization. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_14992... ']
Tags: ['ОБСЄ', 'Росія', 'ПВК "Вагнера"']
Type: Article
 The OSCE Parliamentary Assembly recognized the Russian Federation with sponsor-terrorism, and Wagner PEC was a terrorist organization.
A member of the Ukrainian delegation at the OSCE PA, the deputy chairman of the Servanarod faction in the Verkhovna Rada Yevgeny Kravchuk reported on Facebook , reports Ukrinform.
Kravchuk noted that on Tuesday, members of the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly approved a summary declaration. According to her, the document states that terrorism will develop one of the greatest threats to international peace and security, and the actions of the Wagner PEC on behalf of the Russian government can be fairly characterized by terrorist. In this context, it is emphasized that Russian President Vladimirputin personally acknowledged that the Wagner group was fully funded by the Russian Federation.
Read also: threat from Belarus permanent, " Wagner Ivtsi" can make a group for invasion - military In addition, Kravchuk emphasized that the Declaration states that the OSCE Member States should take measures against the Wagner PEC, its affiliated and legal structures, including by declaring them terrorist organization.
"The most important thing -(OSCE - Ed.)calls on Member States to strengthen internationalinarm, which clearly recognize: the terrorist character of the Wagner group and its actions; the responsibility of the Russian Federation, as a sponsor state of this terrorist organization; The inadmissibility of attracting such entities in interstate relations, "added a member of the Ukrainian delegation to the OSCE PA.
Yevgeny Kravchuk stressed that such a wording was first fixed by a Voffial Document of the International Organization.
Read also: movement " Wagner Ivtsi" in Belarus is not fixed now - Naev "By the way, the same term" state sponsor of terrorism "knows the legislation, which is also a member of the OSCE. I hope that this decision will become a catalyst for the aggressor state sponsor of terrorism not only in the US but also in all the world. Out of the attention and fair punishment, "the People's Deputy summarized.Within the framework of the OSCE session, she made a decision to create a special committee of Ukraine for consultations between parliamentarians 57 participating countries to help Ukrainians through the invasion of Russia.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731512-parlamentska-asamblea-obse-viznala-rosiu-sponsorom-terorizmu-a-vagnerivciv-teroristami.html 
30 Ukrainian judoists will perform at the European Cup in Estonia 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T20:53:59+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T20:53:59+03:00
Description: In Tallinn (Estonia) on Saturday, July 8, the next stage of the open European Cup with judo will start. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16871... ']
Tags: ['Дзюдо']
Type: Article
 In Tallinn(Estonia)On Saturday, July 8, the next stage of the open European Cup is launched.
As the official [site] informs(https://www.ijf.org/competition/2526/judoka_nations?nation=ukr)International Judo Federation(IJF), Ukraine will represent 30 fighters, Ukrinform reports.
The women's tournament will be held with the participation of Maria Buyok(up to 48 kg), Anastasia Chizhevskaya,(up to 57 kg), Anastasia Antipina, Yulia Grebenozhko(both - up to 63 kg), Annikazakova(up to 78 kg), Ruslana Bulavina and Christina Goman(More than 78 kg).
У чоловічих змаганнях виступлять Кирил Самотуг, Георгій Куркоїд, ДенисТупицький (All - up to 60 kg), Karo Marandyan, Danilo guy, Nikitaholoborodko, Vadim Chernov(All - up to 66 kg), Alexander Kosklyak, Artem Ros, Sergey Nevtov, Robert Hasanagayev(All - up to 73 kg), Mikhail Svidrak, Sergeykrovich, Vladislav Kolobov(All - up to 81 kg), Marat Kryzhansky, Stanislavgunchenko, Yaroslav Davidchuk, Nikita Baty, Alexander Cherkai(All - up to 90 kg), Anton Savitsky, Alexei Ershov, Danilo Gutsol(All - up to 100 kg)and Alexei Moiseev(More than 100 kg).
Читайте також: Дзюдо їст Данканич здобув «золото» на Європейськихіграх майстрів In total, 25 teams will perform in Tallinn.
The tournament in the Estonian capital will end by July 9.
Photo: Ukrainejudo.com.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731510-30-ukrainskih-dzudoistiv-vistuplat-na-kubku-evropi-v-estonii.html 
In the US allowed a test prototype of a flying vehicle 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T21:06:24+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:06:24+03:00
Description: The US Federal Directorate (FAA) gave a startup from California Alef Aeronautics Inc permission to develop and test the first electric vehicle that can both travel on the road and fly. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Автомобіль', 'Літак', 'США', 'Стартап']
Type: Article
 US Federal Directorate(FAA)It gave a startup from California Alefaeronautics Inc permission to develop and test the first electrical transport tool that can both ride on the road and fly.
About it reports CNN , reports Ukrinform.
The regulator stated that he issued Alef Aeronautics Certificate of Flight suitability for a limited set of tasks - for research, development and exhibitions.
Alef Automotive has stated that its Model A is the first flying transportation facility to travel public roads and park as an extraordinary car. It also has the possibility of vertical takeoff of the cam.
It is assumed that car will accommodate one or two passengers and will have a margin of up to 320 kilometers on the ground 180 kilometers in the air.
The company notes that the volatile car will be certified as a "low -speed vehicle", which means that it will not be able to move faster than 40 km/h. "It is assumed that if the driver needs higher speed, he will be able to flight," - said in the press release.
FAA stated that many developers are now working on creating vehicles with vertical takeoff and landing(VTOL). Однактранспортний засіб компанії Alef Aeronautics відрізняється від інших здатністюфункціонувати як на дорогах, так і в повітрі, при цьому схожий на звичайнийавтомобіль та може паркуватися на автомобільних парковках.
Читайте також: Вільнюс став першим містом у Європі ,де запустили безпілотні автівки However, in order to move the US road model, the company still needs to obtain the permission of the National Traffic Safety Office on the routes.
The manufacturer expects to start selling models by the end of 2025. The car will be 300 thousand dollars.
Alef Aeronautics was founded in 2015 in the California Polo-Altodzhim of the Spiritual, Konstantin Kisly, Pavel Markin and Oleg Petrov, which was inadvertently played by the movie "Back to the Future." Фото: Alef Aeronautics Inc 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3731515-u-ssa-dozvolili-viprobuvanna-prototipu-letucogo-avtomobila.html 
Zorya won the first match under the guidance of Lalatovich 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T21:17:48+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:17:48+03:00
Description: The Lugansk Dawn players held the first control match at the summer training meetings in Poland. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Футбол', "Прем'єр-ліга", 'Зоря']
Type: Article
 The football player "Dawn" conducted the first control match at the summer training meetings in Poland.
As informs Sport.ua , team under the guidance of Serbian trainer Nest Lalatovich is preparing for the beginning of the new season of Ukrainian Premier League(UPL)But to the European Cups, Ukrinform reports.
On July 4, in the first game at the Zorya meeting, she defeated the Polish "restaurant" with a score 4: 2. Dubs were designed by Nazarii Rusin and Danilo Alefirenko.
"Black and White" will spend most of July in Poland, after which it will return in Ukraine, where a new season will begin on July 29.
Read also: Serbian coach Lalatovich headed " Dawn " At the meeting, the Lugansk team will hold another 4 sparring, opponents will be: July 8- "Steel"(Poland), July 11 - Zemplin(Slovakia), July 17 - Gurnyk(Poland), July 22 - Ruzombruck(Slovakia).
Фото: ФК «Зоря» (Lugansk).
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731519-zora-vigrala-persij-matc-pid-kerivnictvom-lalatovica.html 
Pope envoy is working on a mechanism for returning stolen children to Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T21:20:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:20:00+03:00
Description: The Vatican specialist Cardinal Matteo Zuppi says he is working on a "mechanism" that could provide the return of children who were stolen and taken to the Russian Federation. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16556... ']
Tags: ['Діти', 'Папа Франциск', 'Викрадення людей', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Vatican specialist Cardinal Matteo Zuppi says he is working on a "mechanism" that could ensure the return of children who were stolen to the Tavivs to the Russian Federation.
According to Ukrinform, it reports Sky News. “We'll see how we can run a mechanism for children(and)Help, as they were mowed, on the Humanitarian Front, especially for children who should be able to turn to Ukraine, ”the cardinal said at the presentation of a book in Rome.
Read also: in Russia delay and interrogate Ukrainians who go to get their stolen children - Lubin 
He noted that he personally discussed this issue with the Pontiff.
The Italian Cardinal visited Moscow last week, and was previously in Kiev.
In the Vatican, Cardinal efforts are characterized as "aimed at identifying humanitarian initiatives that could open ways to peace."
Talking to the Italian public broadcaster RAI on Sunday, Cardinal Zuppis said that he was not working on a "peaceful plan" or "mediation" between Ukraine Moscow, noting that he was simply focusing on "humanitarian aspects".
Read also: Russian official declared 700,000 stolen children of children 
As it was reported, the head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak stated that Ukraine was not hopeful for the Vatican mediation in negotiations with Moscow, instead, it would be assisted in the liberation of prisoners of Ukrainians and returning Ukrainian children.
On June 28-29, the special ambassador of Pope Roman Cardinal Matteo Zuppy was a visit to the Vatican's mission on June 28-29 with the "Achieving Homir" in Ukraine.
Read also: Ukraine knows about the location of almost 19.5 thousand ideas exported by Russia - Ombudsman 
On June 5-6, Zuppy visited Ukraine. In particular, he discussed the situation in Ukraine and humanitarian cooperation with President Vladimirzelensky in the realization of peace formula.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731522-poslannik-papi-rimskogo-pracue-nad-mehanizmom-povernenna-vikradenih-ditej-do-ukraini.html 
The State Property Foundation sells the Resin Chemical Plant 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T21:27:23+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:27:23+03:00
Description: SPMU put on the auction of JSC "S corb" for UAH 190.3 million, which is the largest in the full -scale war with the starting value among small privatization objects. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15787... ']
Tags: ['ФДМУ', 'Завод']
Type: Article
 Fdmuvviv for auction of JSC "Smola" for UAH 190.3 million, which is the highest in the time of the full -scale war with the starting value among the objects of small privatization.
According to Ukrinform, the PDMU press service in [Facebook] reports it(https://www.facebook.com/spfu.gov.ua/posts/pfbid0eYq3zFJkgGFA8HGXHXfVsg6t5giNXHMyJwWjwwXEbHyJifvjcdF7cvhtwYpx13v9l).
«Найдорожчий лот з моменту відновлення малої приватизації – АТ «Смоли» уКам’янському на аукціоні. Стартова вартість об'єкта – 190,3 млн гривень», -йдеться в повідомленні.
Читайте також: Фонд держмайна за тиждень заробив на приватизаціїпонад ₴126 мільйонів It is emphasized that it is an existing chemical industry enterprise in management, whose main activity is the production of plastics in primary forms, in particular ion -exchange resins.
The volume of sales of products by the plant for 2020 - the first quarter of 2023 is UAH 196.4 million. However, the State Property Fund states that the enterprise is unprofitable - net loss for the specified period amounted to UAH 98.9 million. During the years of inefficient work, the company has accumulated UAH 112 million in debt to the employees of the state budget, which should pay off the future investor.
The sales are offered a state package of stocks of 100% of the authorized capital of JSC "SMAL". The bidding will take place on July 26.
Read also: SPFMU plans to create a land bank and the Investment Non -Service Fund As it was reported, in June 2023 the State Property Fund sold 52 objects, the final value of which reached 252.3 million. In July, 54 objects are planned for privatization.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731523-fond-derzmajna-prodae-himzavod-smoli.html 
In Energodar and Mariupol, Russian mobile radiation laboratories were noticed 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T21:30:58+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:30:58+03:00
Description: Russian mobile radiation laboratories were observed in the temporarily occupied energy and Mariupol. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Маріуполь', 'Запорізька АЕС', 'Енергодар']
Type: Article
 The Russian mobile laboratories have been observed by the occupied energy and Mariupol.
This was reported in Berdyansk today telegram today " , reports Ukrinform.
"Russian mobile radiation laboratories have been observed in Energodar and Mariupol. Rosatom has already officially confirmed its plans for the possible undermining of this day," the post reads.
Read also: [painter about the probability of a terrorist attack on ZPE : no limits for Russia(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731477-malar-pro-jmovirnist-teraktu-na-zaes-nemae-mez-dla-bezumstva-rosii.html)Also, with reference to the adviser of the chairman "Ronergoatom" it is stated that "Kiev on the night of July 5 is going to attack the ZPP with the use of high-precision arms and drones-Kamikadze".
Earlier it was reported that the Armed Forces of Ukraine officially warn the provocation in the territory of Zaporizhzhya anatomic power plant, occupied by Russian terrorists since March 4, 2022.
Read also: Armed Forces warn about the possible preparation of the Russians at the Zaporozhye NPP According to operational information, today, on July 4, foreign objects similar to the fourth roof of the fourth unit of the ZPP were placed on the exterior of the third roof. Their undermining should not damage the unit, but can create a picture of shelling from Ukraine. The Russian media is misinforming about this.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731526-v-energodari-ta-mariupoli-pomitili-rosijski-mobilni-radiacijni-laboratorii.html 
In Greater Novgorod there was a large fire in the production building 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T21:36:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:36:00+03:00
Description: In the Russian Regional Center, the Great Novgorod there was a large fire in the production building with an area of ignition of 2.3 thousand square meters. m. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16830... ']
Tags: ['Пожежа', 'Великий Новгород', 'Росія']
Type: Article
 The Urosian Regional Center of the Great Novgorod was a large fire of an intrinsic building with an area of ignition of 2.3 thousand square meters. m.
According to Ukrinform, the telegram-channel [TASS] reports it(https://t.me/tass_agency/199563)With reference to the press service of the Ministry of Emergencies in Russia.
“The production building broke out in Veliky Novgorod, the fire area is 2.3 thousand. sq. meters, ”the ministry reported.
30 people and nine vehicles have been involved in the elimination of the fire, and simultaneously increases forces and means.
Read also: Under Moscow burning warehouses of the former furniture complex 
Later, clarification of the localization of the fire appeared.
As it was reported, after Russia began a full -scale war against Ukraine, the Russian Storethrelias increased fires and explosions.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731527-u-velikomu-novgorodi-stalasa-velika-pozeza-u-virobnicij-budivli.html 
Ukrainian basketball players gave way to Slovaks on Euro 2023 (U18) 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T21:38:10+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:38:10+03:00
Description: In the third match of the group tournament of the Junior Championship of Europe in basketball (players under 18 years), the girl's national team of Ukraine was defeated from the team of Slovakia. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Баскетбол']
Type: Article
 In the third group tournament of the Junior Championship of Europe in basketball(Players up to 18 years old)The Ukrainian national team of Ukraine was defeated by the Slovakia team.
The match in Sofia(Bulgaria)ended with a strong -willed victory of a Slovak with a score 72: 44(9:15, 26:7, 18:14, 19:8), reports Ukrinform.
Otherwise, the Swedish group lost Estonians - 62:68(8:16, 23:14,10:16, 21:22).
Заключний матч у Дивізіоні В Євро-2023 «синьо-жовті» проведуть 5 липня протиодноліток із Естонії.
Турнірне становище: Болгарія - 6 очок (After 3 games), Slovakia - 6(4), Estonia - 5(3), Ukraine - 5(3), Sweden - 4(4).
Читайте також: Українські баскетбол істки обіграли шведок наЄвро-2023 (U18) The playoffs will be released by the two best teams from the group, and the three best prefabricated European teams will be the owners of the vouchers to Division A.
Photo: fbu.ua.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731529-ukrainski-basketbolistki-postupilisa-slovackam-na-evro2023-u18.html 
In the event of an explosion at the residents of the Radiation Accident Zone should be prepared for evacuation - the Ministry of Health 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T21:44:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:44:00+03:00
Description: In the event of an explosion at the residents of the potential zone of radiation accident, the possible evacuation should be prepared. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16881... ']
Tags: ['Евакуація', 'МОЗ', 'Теракт', 'Агресія РФ', 'Запорізька АЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 In the afternoon, the residents of the potential radiation zone should be a possible evacuation.
About it in the telegram reports Ministry of Health, reports Ukrinform.
"In the event of an explosion at the residents of the potential radiation accident zone, it should be a possible evacuation.
Read also: [painter about the probability of a terrorist attack on the ZPU: no limits for Russia(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731477-malar-pro-jmovirnist-teraktu-na-zaes-nemae-mez-dla-bezumstva-rosii.html) 
In the ministry, they advise to prepare a suitcase or a backpack in case of evacuation. In particular, it is necessary to collect documents and their copies(Documents certifying the person, medical documents, legal documents certifying the right of ownership of movable and immovable property, contacts); face mask or respirator.
You also need to prepare a first aid kit and a weekly stock of medicines(If you have chronic diseases), wet wipes, variable clothing and shoes, minimal water and food.
Read also: [in Energodar and Mariupol(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731526-v-energodari-ta-mariupoli-pomitili-rosijski-mobilni-radiacijni-laboratorii.html) 
Tightly wrap a suitcase or a baking with a food film or adhesive tape. This will greatly help the process of decontamination in sanitary posts.
The Ministry of Health emphasizes that people in the area of radiation accident have to leave buildings only after appropriate instructions of the authorities.
"Local authorities will notify the location of evacuation points, as well as the most safe routes of movement if you evacuate your own vehicle. Follow the instructions and keep peace of mind," the statements said.
Read also: in the zone of a possible terrorist attack at the ZPPU will be performed vakation or additional measures - Lyashko 
As reported by Ukrinform, on March 4, 2022, the Russians captured ZPES . On June 22, 2023, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced Russia's plans to arrange a terrorist attack of the instruction.
The Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Alexei Danilov reported that Ukraine is carefully preparing for any scenarios for the development of the events of the Zaporozhye NPP.
Read also: Armed Forces warn about possible preparation by the Russians at the Zaporozhye NPP 
On June 30, the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense reported that the Russian contingent gradually leaves the territory of the Zaporozhye nuclear power plant.
At the end of June 2023 in the Nikolaev, Kherson, Zaporizhzhia, Dnipropetrovsk regions, large -scale exercises of emergency services for the consequences of a possible terrorist attack at the ZPP.
Read also: [Naev: North border was strengthened(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731377-pivnicnij-kordon-posilili-osobovim-skladom-ta-bojovou-tehnikou-cerez-podii-navkolo-zaes-naev.html) 
On July 4, the Armed Forces of Ukraine officially warned about the possible preparation of Russian invaders of provocation at the Zaporizhzhia NPP.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731532-u-razi-vibuhu-na-zaes-meskanci-zoni-radiacijnoi-avarii-maut-buti-gotovimi-do-evakuacii-moz.html 
In the Chernihiv region, the losses of the environment through Russian shelling are more than ₴ 18 billion 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T21:54:43+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:54:43+03:00
Description: In Chernihiv region, the losses caused by shelling of the Russian army are over UAH 18 billion. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16872... ']
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Чернігівщина', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 In the exceptions of the environment, the losses caused by shelling of the Russian army amount to more than UAH 18 billion.
According to Ukrinform, it reports Department of Ecology and Natural Resources of Chernihiv Ova .
"The State Environmental Inspectorate in the Chernihiv Oblast has more than 18 million hryvnias caused by the environment of Chernihiv as a result of armed aggression and hostilities during martial law," the statement reads.
Read also: enemy intensified shelling and on the northern border -mini -defense In particular, the amount of damage caused to land is UAH 10.8 billion, the loss of unorganized emissions of pollutants into the atmospheric air was valued at UAH 5.62 billion, and from pollution and water clogging, unauthorized use of water resources - UAH 1.58 billion.
As reported by Ukrinform, the estimated amount of losses caused to the environment due to the blowing of the dam of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station is UAH 146 billion.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731535-na-cernigivsini-zbitki-dovkillu-cerez-rosijski-obstrili-stanovlat-ponad-18-milardiv.html 
Borrel called the need for further support of Ukraine the main lesson of rebellion in 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T21:58:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T21:58:00+03:00
Description: The high representative of the EU commented on the lessons that the European Union and the World Community should be made from attempts by military rebellion that shook the Russian state. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16675... ']
Tags: ['ПВК "Вагнера"', 'Пригожин', 'Боррель']
Type: Article
 The high representative of the EU commented on the lessons that the European Union and the World Security Committee should be taken out of attempts by the military rebellion that the Russian state.
According to Ukrinform, about it in its own blog [on the website of the European External Action]](https://www.eeas.europa.eu/eeas/what-conclusions-should-we-draw-prigozhins-mutiny_en?channel=eeas_press_alerts&date=2023-07-04&newsid=0&langid=en&source=mail)The high representative of the EU Josep Borrel wrote.
The first lesson, in his opinion, is that the aggressive war against Ukraine Vladimir Putin's weakening is much more than many observers thought. "Angry 2022, it seemed to continue or even strengthened his authority, despite some devastating defeat of the Russian army in Ukraine. At the same time, the viewing was reported that the Russian economy was not(still)Seriously affected by the war. The rebellion of Prigogine and the fact that almost no force has resisted the capture of the main Russian headquarters in the war of anti -Ukraine, as well as then - the march to Moscow, showed the entire depth of split by the Urosian army and in the state apparatus, "Borsel wrote.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731386-u-rozvidci-vvazaut-so-prigozin-u-bilorusi-buvatime-ale-ne-bazuvatimetsa.html)He recalled that on June 27, Putin for the first time publicly acknowledged that the Wagner Group really received massive support and financing by the Russian state. According to Borrel, Putin created a monster, and now this monster began to bite himself. The fact that a group of mercenaries funded by the state opened fire to a regular army demonstrates the degree of pathology of Putin Russia.
The high representative of the EU called "symbolic", which before the planned rebellious Prishozhin opposed the official narrative, which the Kremlin uses in attempts to go to the war, and denied any reports of aggressive Planikiev or NATO. Instead, he accused the Defense Minister Shoigu of spreading for the sake of personal ambitions. Borrel expressed his hope that more and more people around the world would be asked to be asked by a monipulative official narrative, which Putin, Lavrov and others spread about this. Read also: Chubarov binds statements about the attempt on Aksenov with a rebellion Prigogine a According to him, the increasing risk of instability that is the result of a rebellion, especially dangerous in a country that has nuclear weapons. One prudent conclusions coming out of the Russian aggressive war are that Poutin Russia poses the greatest threat to European and global security, since its nuclear arsenal does not reduce, but only increases the danger of a civilized world.
“This is another reason why we must continue to support the Armed Forces in the withdrawal of Russian troops away from the country. The victory of Ukraine is the best way to achieve a just peace, based on the international right that Ukraine needs and deserves. Such peace can also open the process of change for Russia, which is a prerequisite for a long -haired shape. Russian history shows that when the changes occur, they can quickly. We have to be prepared for this, ”Borrel said.
It was reported that on June 23, a military rebellion took place in Russia, during which Wagner group seized a military headquarters in Rostov-on-Don, installed full control over the city and moved to Moscow, without meeting almost no lineage, except for the task of air strikes by government. strength. Finally, the leader of the Wagner PEC Yevgeny Prigogin abandoned his plans, a jerk "unwillingness to shed Russian blood." Meanwhile, the large -scale arrests of the Russian generals indicate that the rebellion was a wider plan, the knife of the head of the Wagner group himself.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731533-borrel-nazvav-neobhidnist-podalsoi-pidtrimki-ukraini-golovnim-urokom-zakolotu-v-rosii.html 
In Lithuania, international exercises of the MSO "Strong and One - 2023" began 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T22:00:00-04:00
Description: At the regions of Lithuania, I am starting to the MIMENSILSIS of the forces of special operations “Silnі ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' resize_828x826_sop.-asoc.-lk-nuotrauka.jpg ']
Tags: ['ЛИТВА', 'МІЖНАРОДНІ НАВЧАННЯ', 'НАВЧАННЯ', 'ССО']
Category: News
 In the Lithuanian regions, international training forces of special operations "Strong and One - 2023" starts(Strong & United 2023).
Про це йдеться in the report of the Armed Forces of Lithuania.
International Strong & United 2023 Special Operations Training for Special Operations, which will participate in Special Operations of Lithuania, Poland and Germany, will last until July 13. During the exercises that will take place in Klaipeda, Vilnius, Kazlu-Rudy and other areas of Lithuania, the response will be developed in different situations. The training will take place in military taccoy terrain, fighter flights and helicopters are expected.
"International exercises of special operations of Strong & United 2023 are part of a non -interior cycle of joint exercises with allies occurring in Lithuania, which are involved in all the forces of the Lithuanian Armed Forces," - the testimony reads.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/u-lytvi-tryvayut-mizhnarodni-navchannya-sso-sylni-ta-yedyni-2023/ 
The authors of the song "Good evening, we are from Ukraine" will perform on the parade of Independence Day of the United States 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T22:05:02+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:05:02+03:00
Description: The authors of the song "Good evening, we are from Ukraine" band Probasslav will perform in Washington at the parade of Independence Day of the United States of America. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15307... ']
Tags: ['Музика', 'США', 'МКІП ']
Type: Article
 Author's good evening, we are from Ukraine "Probass∆hardi will perform Uzhington at the Independence Day parade of the United States of America.
The Ministry of Culture and Information Policy of Ukraine reported this in telegram , reports Ukrinform.
"As part of the tour in the US, the authors of Hita" Good evening, we from Ukraine "will be the head parade of the country for Independence Day in Washington," - the testimony reads.
It is noted that the purpose of the tour is to raise funds for Ukraine from the sale of securities of the United Help Ukraine, an American non -profit organization created in 2014 to provide critically important assistance to those who most intelligence.
Read also: Zelensky congratulated USA Happy Independence Day: For the mind to be allies It has been reported that the Independence Day of the United States of America is celebrated on July 4. The holiday was established in honor of the adoption of the Declaration of Independence from the United Kingdom, which became one of the central moments of the American Revolution of 1775-1783.
President Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated the States on Independence Day and assured that in the coalition of free and bold US can always count on Ukraine as a union.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3731536-avtori-pisni-dobrogo-vecora-mi-z-ukraini-vistuplat-na-paradi-do-dna-nezaleznosti-ssa.html 
Biden insists on the reform of weapons circulation after new mass shootings in the United States 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T22:10:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:10:00+03:00
Description: US President Joe Biden has made a new initiative to immediately reform the weapons circulation in the country against a new wave of mass violence in the United States. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16846... ']
Tags: ['Байден', 'США', 'Стрілянина']
Type: Article
 Presidential Joe Biden has made a new initiative to immediately reform the weapons circulation system in the country against a new wave of massive violence of relocated states.
This is stated in the official statement The head of the White House, spread on Tuesday, reports Ukrinform.
"In our power to introduce a ban on assault weapons and high -power stores, to demand safe storage of weapons, to abolish the immunity of manufacturers from responsibility and to introduce a general data check," the US President proclaimed.
Read also: shooting in Philadelphia: four dead, two -heated, including children 
He urged some states to follow the example of Illinois and push republicans in the US Congress to start discussing important reforms that are common sense and supported by the American people.
Biden recalled that in the last few days the US has experienced a new wave of deadly shooting Throughout the country-from Philadelphia to Fort Wark, from Baltimor to Lansing, from the daughter of a daughter.
"Today, Jill and I are missing those who have lost life, and while our country celebrates Independence Day, we pray for the day when our communities will be free from weapons violence," the US president emphasized.
Read also: in the East of the United States there was a shooting - two dead and 28 wounded 
Joe Baiden's administration was reported to be consistent efforts to prove reasonable restrictions on the free and time of uncontrolled circulation in America to reduce the "Violence Epidemic" and to eradicate the US arms.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731534-bajden-napolagae-na-reformi-obigu-zbroi-pisla-novih-masovih-rozstriliv-u-ssa.html 
Spain's U21 Mentor: Ukraine holds a wonderful tourna 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T22:17:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:17:00+03:00
Description: The head coach of the Spanish youth team (football players up to the 21st year), Santi Denya, is waiting for a difficult game with the Ukrainian Youth in the semifinals of the European Championship 2023. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Футбол']
Type: Article
 The head coach of the Spanish youth team(football players up to 21st)Santi Deniya is waiting for a difficult game with the Ukrainian Youth in the semifinals of the European Championship 2023.
As the official [site] reports(https://ru.uefa.com/under21/match/2036151--spain-vs-ukraine/)The Union of European Football Associations(UEFA), the mentor of the realm of Winger's "blue and yellow" Mikhail Mudrik, reports Ukrinform.
“In this tournament, no one has seen a wise in the case. This is a wonderful futblebolist, and the whole national team of Ukraine holds a wonderful tournament. It is necessary for their coach. We have to work well on all aspects -attaks, defense, transitions and "standards". We have to have a practically ideal match to get into the finals. Help is needed to defend the anthrax, ”Denia said.
We will remind, the Forward of London "Chelsea" Mikhail Mudryk missed the mattress stage of Euro-2023 due to injury. Winger first played a France's teaching tournament with France.
Read also: Rotan : "Guys are motivated, we understand Syretovin Spain" The match of youth teams of Ukraine and Spain will be held on July 5 in Bucharest(Romania). Початок зустрічі - о 22.00 за київським часом.
Фото: rfef.es.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731538-nasnavnik-ispanii-u21-ukraina-provodit-cudovij-turnir-a-mudrik-pospravznomu-se-ne-grav.html 
In the case of a terrorist attack on the Apocalypse, there will be no contamination - expert 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T22:23:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:23:00+03:00
Description: The probable terrorist attack at the NPP will not lead to large -scale negative consequences, but radioactive contamination can occur, it will touch the territories around the ZPP. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16863... ']
Tags: ['Запорізька АЕС', 'Війна з Росією', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 The probable therapeut of the ZPP will not lead to large -scale negative consequences, alradioactive contamination can occur, it will affect the territories around the ZPP.
About it on the air of the nationwide telephone "The only news" is the tellor of the physical and mathematical sciences, an expert on nuclear energy Ludviglitvinsky, Ukrinform reports.
"It all depends on the capacity of such an explosion, but above all - the apocalypse will not be. The worst situation will be better than what was due to the Chortnobyl accident. Because more than six months these reactors are stopped, and as a result - no short -lived radionuclides there," - said Litvinsky.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731532-u-razi-vibuhu-na-zaes-meskanci-zoni-radiacijnoi-avarii-maut-buti-gotovimi-do-evakuacii-moz.html)He noted that information on the use of potassium iodine is currently inconsistent with modern needs, and in many respects are outdated.
At the same time, he said, in the case of a terrorist attack on the NPP, radioactive contamination will still take place.
"The contamination will occur, the same well -known strontium spectrum, isotopes cesium. But the maximum consequences of even those who were in the air are the increase in the likelihood of cancer. That is, worse than after Chernobyl, there will be no exactly in Ukraine, "Litvinsky said.
Read also: in Energodar and Mariupoli noticed Russian mobile radiation laboratories The probable radioactive contamination of the territories, according to him, in the case of a terrorist area will be a few tens of kilometers from the ZPP.
"It is first and foremost about tens of km from the ZEP, as well as in the direction of the wind up to 1200-150 km from the ZPE. It is necessary to have protective masks for the respiratory organs. It is necessary to be in closed rooms with closed windows, " - said Lytvinsky. Read also: [painter about the probability of a terrorist attack on ZPE : no limits for Russia(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731477-malar-pro-jmovirnist-teraktu-na-zaes-nemae-mez-dla-bezumstva-rosii.html)As reported by Ukrinform, on March 4, 2022, the Russians seized the ZPP. On June 22, 20123, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced Russia's plans to arrange a terract at the station.
The Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Alexei Danilov reported that Ukraine is carefully preparing for any scenarios for the development of the events of the Zaporozhye NPP.
On June 30, the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense reported that the Russian contingent gradually leaves the territory of the Zaporozhye nuclear power plant.
Read also: Armed Forces warn about the possible preparation of the Russians at the Zaporozhye NPP At the end of June 2023 in the Nikolaev, Kherson, Zaporizhzhia, Dnipropetrovsk regions, large -scale exercises of emergency services for the consequences of a possible terrorist attack at the ZPP.
On July 4, the Armed Forces of Ukraine officially warned about the possible preparation of Russian invaders of provocation at the Zaporizhzhia NPP.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731537-u-razi-teraktu-na-zaes-apokalipsisu-ne-bude-ale-trapitsa-zabrudnenna-ekspert.html 
Russia changes tactics to slow down the counter -offensive of the Armed Forces - the Ministry of Defense of Britain 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T22:31:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:31:00+03:00
Description: Russia resorts to excessive mines of the terrain, as well as purposeful search and destruction of Ukrainian armored vehicles to slow down the counter -offset of the Armed Forces, instead of the Russian Federation continue to suffer losses and lack of ammunition. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16879... ']
Tags: ['Британія', 'Міноборони', 'ЗСУ', 'Війна з Росією', 'Контрнаступ']
Type: Article
 It is grown to the excessive mining of the terrain, as well as purposeful search for the destruction of Ukrainian armored vehicles to slow down the counter -offset of the Armed Forces, but instead the forces of the Russian Federation continue to suffer losses and lack of ammunition.
This is stated in the report of the British Ministry of Defense on the situation of the in Ukraine, posted on the official Twitter-page Office, reports Ukrinform.
"In recent weeks, Russia has identified priorities and improved tactics aimed at slowing down the counter -offensive operations of Ukrainian armored vehicles in the south of Ukraine," the publication said.
Read also: British Admiral commented on the course of Ukrainian contrast 
The basis of this approach was too intensive use of Russia's anti -tank.
"In some areas, the density of minefields indicates that it probably has used a lot more mines than it is provided by its military doctrine," was in the British department.
Read also: Russia uses a dense mining to slow down the Armed Forces in the south - Britain intelligence 
In addition, Russia has used the tactics of strokes on Ukrainian armored vehicles with UAV, as well as helicopters and artillery.
“Although Russia has achieved some success with this approach in early herds counter -offensive Ukraine, its forces continue to suffer from key disadvantages, in particular, stretched units, as well as lack of artillery ammunition, ” -is confirmed in the publication.
 
As reported by Ukrinform, the forces of Ukraine's defense continue to conduct the offensive operation in the Melitopol and Berdyansk directions, are fixed by the overwhelming boundaries, inflict fire lesions from artillery on the detected purpose.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731540-rosia-zminue-taktiku-sob-upovilniti-kontrnastup-zsu-minoboroni-britanii.html 
Ermak and US Ambassador visited an exhibition dedicated to Ukraine's struggle with Russian aggression 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T22:35:38+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:35:38+03:00
Description: On the occasion of the Independence Day of the United States of America, the head of the Presidential Office Andriy Ermak, together with representatives of political, diplomatic, public and business circles of the United States, visited the National Museum of Ukrainian History in the Second World War. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['США', 'Єрмак', 'Бріджит Брінк']
Type: Article
 On the occasion of the Independence of the United States of America, the Head of the Presidential Office of Ukraine Iremak, together with representatives of political, diplomatic, public and business circles of the United States, visited the National Museum of Ukrainian History in the Second War.
About it reports Presidential Office press service , reports Ukrinform.
"Guests got acquainted with the exhibition" Ukraine - Crucifixion "about the invading war against Ukraine and the indomitableness of our country. Andriy Yermak and US Ambassador in Ukraine Bridget Brinka, together with other participants of the meeting, examined, in particular, new expositions for assistance from Ukraine in the US in the Liberation War. Anti -Russian invaders, " - the message reads.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731497-grupa-ermakamakfola-predstavila-novij-dokument-sodo-posilenna-sankcij-proti-rosijskogo-vpk.html)In the presented photos, among other things, the most modern American technique, which effectively helps to defeat the Russian army in battle, has become part of modern Ukrainian folklore. These are primarily Patriot anti-aircraft missile systems, Himars volley fire systems, Gubitsim777, portable Javelin and Styinger anti-aircraft missile complexes, Bradley combat vehicles, caterpillars M113, Hummer.
One of the stands presents personal belongings of the US citizen who fought the complications of the Armed Forces of Ukraine during a full -scale war with the Russian Federation.
One of the central elements of the exhibition is the American flag, presented by the president Vladimir Zelensky in the Congress during the speech of the head of the Ukrainian state in December 2022. Along with it is a flag of Ukraine from Azovstal, which is a symbol of heroism and indomitable Ukrainians during this time.
Read also: peace in Europe is only possible after Ukraine's victory - Ermak Turning to those present after the exposition, Andrei Yermak said that for the other, it is a great honor to be at this event with American partners, which celebrate the Independence Day of America, very important for them.The head of the Presidential Office noted that today millions of Ukrainians know HIMARS and Patriot, because this weapon helps to maintain the lives of our citizens and inspires to continue the struggle.
Read also: Ukraine will be ready to discuss long -term regulation after the withdrawal of Russian troops - Ermak “We will fight to our victory. And I am sure that it will be a common victory for Ukraine and the US. Because we are fighting for common values, for the independence of Isvoboda, ”Andriy Yermak is convinced.
The head of the head of state also gave the museum commemorative coins made by the historical speech of the President of Ukraine in the US Congress at the end of 2022.
Representatives of the Defense Forces presented Bridget Brynk Flag of Ukraine with inscriptions made by the Ukrainian military, as well as presented chevrons of their units.
Read also: BRINK congratulated Ukrainians on the Constitution Day I was supported in US support For its part, the Ambassador of the United States noted that on Independence Day, USAments remember their freedom fighters.
“And everyone who is here today, diplomats and representatives of the business community are convinced that Ukrainians will win in their fight. We will stay with you until you will not win, ”she added.
The Ukrainian military attendees expressed gratitude to the United States and the whole American Narode for the strong support of Ukraine in these difficult times.
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731541-ermak-ta-posol-ssa-vidvidali-vistavku-prisvacenu-borotbi-ukraini-z-rosijskou-agresieu.html 
Russians 36 times fired at Sumy region border 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T22:42:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:42:00+03:00
Description: The Russian army fired at Sumy region 36 times during the day, resulting in damaged private homes and lyceums. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16708... ']
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Сумщина', 'Агресія РФ', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Russian army fired at the border of Sumy region during the day, which resulted in the harmful private homes and lyceum.
As Ukrinform reports, about it in telegram Sumy Ova reported.
“During the day, the Russians carried out 36 border shelling. 268 blades were recorded. The shelling was suffered by Belopilsk, Velikopysarivska, Glukhiv, Essmanskaya, Znob-Novgorod, Krasnopil, Mykolaiv, Seredi-Budsk, Yunakiv communities, ”the message reads.
Read also: Russian troops at night fired at Sumy Region -fixed 30 blasts 
In particular, the enemy fired at the communities of the region from artillery, mortars, grenade launchers, uncontrollable aviation missiles and dumped mines.
As a result of shelling in the Krasnopil community, private homes are damaged, Amyropil - private homes, a building of a former farm, a private economic staff and a lyceum.
Read also: Russians when attempting to penetrate into Ukraine killed two -cynicals in Sumy region 
As reported by Ukrinform, in Sumy region to enhance the system of air defense _ create a regional system of detection of air goals. _
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731542-rosiani-36-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-ova.html 
Dynamo started training at Austria's meeting 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T22:52:43+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:52:43+03:00
Description: Dynamo Kyiv players started working directly at the Austrian town of St. Fight-An-Der-Glan. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16885... ']
Tags: ['Динамо', 'Футбол', 'Луческу']
Type: Article
 Dynamo football players began to work directly at the assembly of the Vavstrian town of St. Fight-An-Der-Glan.
As reports press service White-blue, with its residence, the team has chosen a Hoteldie Zeit Hotel, which has two full-size high quality fields in its territory, Ukrinform reports.
Before the first class, Mircea Lucescu turned to the players. The chief trainer gave the ward not only for training, but in general for the collection, the collection for the season, emphasizing that in the new season they are obliged to fix and return the championship title.
Mr. Separately, Mr. Master appealed, noting that the majority of the first season are training in the main team, so they are not in any way, and the requirements for them should be the same as for other players.
Read also: Dynamo ** "football players have received new game numbers With the exception of the injured Sergiy Buletsi, the first training was attended by all other 23 players who arrived the day before from Kiev, as well as Sergey Sidorchuk, Ramadani Ramadani and Andriy Yarmolenko, who joined the team already at the hotel.
Read also: known fifth rival " Dynamo " at Austria's Assembly The first control match of Kiev will be held on July 5 against Bukharest Dynamo.
Photo: fcDynamo.com.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731543-dinamo-rozpocalo-trenuvanna-na-zborah-v-avstrii.html 
The death of cadets in Kharkiv region: the court left the suspect under house arrest 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T22:58:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:58:00+03:00
Description: The court did not grant the prosecutor's request to change the measure of restraint suspect in the case of the death of two cadets - it will remain under house arrest. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16885... ']
Tags: ['Прокуратура', 'Суд', 'Харківщина']
Type: Article
 The court dissatisfied with the prosecutor's office for changing the measure of restraint suspected of the death of two cadets -sapers - it will remain under homearest.
Dmitry Chubenko, a spokesman for Kharkiv Regional Prosecutor's Office, told the Ukrinform correspondent.
"The appeal today has left the decision of the court of first instance: a 24 -hour arrest with the use of electronic control," - reported.
Read also: death cadets ** in Kharkiv: Head of the department was handed out for house arrest He noted that the precautionary measure is until August 12.
As reported by Ukrinform, in the Kharkiv region on May 31 two cadets(21 and 22 years old)The National University of Civil Protection was killed in a training center in Kharkiv region, another cadet was injured.
The case is investigated under item 1 of Part 2 of Article 115 of the Criminal Code(murder of two or more persons committed with carelessness).
Читайте також: Загибель курсантів від вибуху на Харківщині:попередньо, здетонував снаряд до САУ «Піон» On June 5, the head of the Investigation Department of the National Police in the Kharkiv region, Bolvinov, reported that according to preliminary information of investigators, the cadet was as a result of the explosion of the projectile to the Pion SAU.
On June 12, it became known that the head of the department where the cadets studied was suspected.
He was already released from the university. According to the investigation, the suspect gave instructions to disassemble the ammunition 152 caliber to make a layout.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731544-zagibel-kursantiv-na-harkivsini-sud-zalisiv-pidozruvanogo-pid-domasnim-arestom.html 
Zelensky reported Macron about possible Russian provocations for ZPP 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T23:12:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T23:12:00+03:00
Description: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky spoke with French President Emanuel Macron and discussed with him the possible provocation of Russia for ZPP, defensive agreements and situations in Russia and the battlefield. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16840... ']
Tags: ['Франція', 'Макрон', 'НАТО', 'Саміт НАТО', 'Україна', 'Зеленський', 'Запорізька АЕС']
Type: Article
 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky spoke with French President Emanuelmakron and discussed with him the possible provocation of Russia on the ZPP, defense and situation in Russia and the battlefield.
About this reported In the official telegram-channel of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky, Ukrinform reports.
"As always a useful and effective conversation with French President Emmanuelmmacron ... warned Emmanuel Macron about the preparation of occupation troops of dangerous provocations for Zaporizhzhya NPPs . They agreed to keep the situation on the maximum control with the IAEA " - the message reads.
!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731537-u-razi-teraktu-na-zaes-apokalipsisu-ne-bude-ale-trapitsa-zabrudnenna-ekspert.html) *
The parties also discussed the implementation of the previous ones and reached new defense speeches.
"Thank you for the large batch of armored vehicles, including very needed sanitary and evacuation transport, additional light tanks and air defense," the President wrote.
Read also: [painter about the probability of a terrorist attack on the ZPU: no limits for Russia(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731477-malar-pro-jmovirnist-teraktu-na-zaes-nemae-mez-dla-bezumstva-rosii.html) 
Presidents of Ukraine and France also discussed the situation in Russia and Napoli Battle.
"After Prigogine's actions, the whole world saw that there is no space for the Maneorovna Field of Battle. And on the contrary, a window of opportunity opens. We need to act rushly - both military and politically. Therefore, it is very important that the summit in Vilnius is inseelectric," Zelensky wrote.
Read also: Stoltenberg and Zelensky discussed the preparation of NATO Dozamite 
It was reported that a summit [NATO] will take place in Vilnius on July 11-12(https://www.ukrinform.ua/tag-nato)In which one of the main issues for discussion at the level of heads of state and governments of the Union countries will be the continuation of military assistance for Ukraine, as well as measures to strengthen the Alliance and defense system.
Foto: op 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731545-zelenskij-povidomiv-makrona-pro-mozlivi-rosijski-provokacii-na-zaes.html 
The world sees that the only source of danger to the ZPP is Russia - President 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T23:21:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T23:21:00+03:00
Description: Now the whole world must be aware that the common safety depends entirely on global attention to the actions of the occupiers at the station. Russia must be clearly aware: the world sees which scripts are being prepared for terrorists, and the world is ready to react. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16885... ']
Tags: ['Звернення', 'Агресія РФ', 'Зеленський', 'Запорізька АЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Now the world must be aware that the joint safety depends entirely to the off -global attention to the actions of the invaders at the station. Russia must be clearly aware: the world sees which scripts are preparing to be terrorists, and the Svetrozhtovy react.
The President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky said this in his address at the end of the 496th day of the war, Ukrinform reports.
_ I wish health, dear Ukrainians, Ukrainian women!_ 
He has just completed the conversation with Mr. French President Macron, and this is the third international negotiations for today-after talking to the Secretary-General and the Prime Minister of Sweden. The main thing is our defense, front, weapons, the capabilities of our warriors, and I am grateful to partners for understanding our needs. We were given new defensive packages, and, by the way, thank you, Emmanuel, for that something today began to come and weapons we agreed on , Rockets, tanks.
But, of course, they also talked about more strategic things - about which the security foundation of Europe will be after this war and our victory.
In order for the world to come faster and to be long, honest, true, Russian evil must not be the line for the Kremlin's ambitions. We are all the free European nations, all in our Euro-Atlantic community, not Russian terrorists and any of their blackmail and aggression.
We add the content of the NATO summit daily, which will take place in Vilnius of the Venan Week, and I am grateful to all our partners who work together with the web strengthening of the Alliance, and therefore, for safety in Europe - real safety. Today, talking to France, with the Prime Minister of Sweden and See and General, coordinated our steps in front of Vilnius.
He also held several meetings with government officials and our team of office internationals on training for foreign policy activities that will take place in the near future.
It is very important - about the situation at the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant. Now all the light is conscious that the common safety depends entirely on global consumption to the actions of the occupiers at the station. Russia must be clearly aware: it is a light to which scripts are preparing for terrorists, and the world is ready to react.
Radiation is a threat to all in the world, and the nuclear power plant must be completely supported from any radiation incidents. Today, exactly 16 months, as Russian military, fully control the territory and structures of the Zaporozhye NPPs. In different states of the world there are their own intelligence and other opportunities to accurately recognize what is happening and who is guilty of it.Now, from our intelligence, we have information that on the roof of several Gergers of the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Station, Russian military placedly -led with explosives. Maybe to simulate a stroke on the station. They may have some other scenario. But in any case, the world sees-and cannot feel!- that the only source of danger to the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant is exactly Russia. And no one else.
Unfortunately, there was no timely and large -scale response to a terrorist attack against the Kakhovsky hydroelectric power plant. And it can inspire the Kremlin to a new evil.
To stop it is the duty of everyone in the world, and no one can leave the scene, because radiation leaves no one away.
I thank Mr. Macron for his attention to the situation at the ZPP and for his willingness to do everything he needed to guarantee safety.
One more.
Today, Russia has once again hit Kharkiv region, in the city of Pervomaisky. Iskander is likely. Eight ordinary high -rise buildings were damaged. More than 40 people have been injured, 12 of them were children, two were babies, they have less than a year ... As of this time, rescuers, together with police officers, still carry out the trading homes. Everyone who was injured in this missile blow will provide the necessary help.
And for this blow the enemy will be responsible, as well as all other blows.
Russian terrorists want to become model in how they destroy their lives. We will be model in how life we protect and how life replies - fairly and inevitably - every stroke of every terrorist.
The Nazis tried to escape from justice. Quite a long time. But many of them have been found and are still held accountable. We catch the racists much faster.
By the way, now I will still have a meeting with the Interior Minister Klimenko Taerivist to the baby's security service - and about the new challenges of our security, a common situation. There was also a meeting today with intelligence ...
We know how to put terrorists in place.
Thank you all our soldiers!
Glory to Ukraine! 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731547-svit-bacit-so-edinim-dzerelom-nebezpeki-dla-zaes-e-same-rosia-prezident.html 
The Armed Forces operate very clearly and organized in the war with the Russians - Scholz 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T23:33:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T23:33:00+03:00
Description: German Chancellor Olaf Scholtz said Ukrainian soldiers were showing very clear and organized actions in the war with Russian invaders. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16846... ']
Tags: ['Україна', 'Шольц', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Chancellor Olaf Soltz stated that Ukrainian soldiers were demonstrating very clear tanked actions in the war with Russian invaders.
As Ukrinform reports, it reports CNN .
Speaking at a joint press conference with Romanian Prime Minister Marcelemcholak, Scholtz said "he never expected everything to change from day to day," but added that the Ukrainian forces planned operations "very purposefully."
Read also: Scholtz and Zelensky discussed the situation in Ukraine 
At the same time, Claka noted that Romania expected the conflict to end with Ukraine's contrast, but was forced to reckon with a larger conflict.
"While Ukraine is in a state of war, it cannot become a member of NATO," Scholt said, adding that NATO's membership criteria are "absence of open -headed conflicts."
However, according to him, it is important to "great practical support of Ukraine" on the part of Noto, which will continue in the future.
Read also: Scholtz is convinced that despite the protests of France is not threatening 
"Germany has created the conditions to even support Ukraine if it lasts for a long time," he said.
"Many countries will be able to assist within one, two, three, and if it is more than more years, because we do not know how long a long -term conflict," the head of the German government added.
As reported, chancellor SHOLC Tap President Zelensky called for a continuation of the Grain Agreement under the auspices of the UN after July 17, which helps to improve the global food situation.
The Federal Chancellor and the Ukrainian President have agreed to continue the constructive exchange of views, including with the purpose of global support, and maintain close contacts.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731520-zsu-u-vijni-z-rosianami-diut-duze-citko-ta-organizovano-solc.html 
On the roof of several power units of the Russian NPP, Russians placed objects similar to explosives - Zelensky 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T23:38:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T23:38:00+03:00
Description: On the roof of several units of Zaporizhzhya NPPs, the Russians placed objects similar to explosives. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16626... ']
Tags: ['Зеленський', 'Запорізька АЕС', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 On the Dakhukolkov units of Zaporizhzhya NPPs, the Russians placed objects similar to the skills.
About it during video address President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said, Ukrinform reports.
"About the situation at the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Station. The whole world now has to be aware that common safety depends entirely on global attention to the domestic attention at the station. Russia must be clear All in the world, and the nuclear power plant must be completely protected by any radiation incidents, "Vladimir Zelensky said.
Read also: [the world sees that the only source of danger to the Essame Russia is(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731547-svit-bacit-so-edinim-dzerelom-nebezpeki-dla-zaes-e-same-rosia-prezident.html) 
The President recalled that on July 4, exactly 16 months, as Russian invaders are fully controlled by the NPP. He noted that each country has its own intelligence opportunities to get information about what is really going on and who is responsible
"Now from our intelligence we have information that on the roof of several Gergers of the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Station, Russian military placed-ledmen, similar to explosives. Perhaps to mimic the stroke on the station. They may have some other scenario. But in any case the world sees the world. - And cannot be seen!- that the only source of danger to the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Station of Essama Russia, and no one else, "the President said.
The head of state recalled that the world did not respond to the terrorist attack of the Anti -Kakhovsky hydroelectric power plant in time.
Read also: Zelensky reported Macron about possible Russian provocations for ZPP 
"And it can inspire the Kremlin to a new evil. Stop it is the duty of all the Sviti. No one can stay away, because radiation leaves no one," the President said.
As reported by Ukrinform, on March 4, 2022, the Russians seized the ZPP. On June 22, 20123, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced Russia's plans to arrange a terract at the station.
The Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Alexei Danilov reported that Ukraine is carefully preparing for any scenarios for the development of the events of the Zaporozhye NPP.On June 30, the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense reported that the Russian contingent gradually leaves the territory of the Zaporozhye nuclear power plant.
At the end of June 2023 in the Nikolaev, Kherson, Zaporizhzhya, Dnipropetrovsk regions, large -scale exercises of emergency services for the consequences of a possible terrorist attack at the ZPP.
On July 4, the Armed Forces of Ukraine officially warned about the possible preparation of Russian invaders of provocation at the Zaporizhzhia NPP.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731549-zelenskij-na-dahu-kilkoh-energoblokiv-zaes-rosiani-rozmistili-predmeti-shozi-na-vibuhivku.html 
The enemy struck the Kharkiv region C-300 rockets 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T23:44:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T23:44:00+03:00
Description: The enemy struck in the Kharkiv region with S-300 ZRK. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15389... ']
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Харківщина', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 Vorozhavav shot in the Kharkiv region with S-300 ZRK.
About it reports in telegram Head Kharkiv Military Garrison Sergey Melnyk("General Marseille"), reports Ukrinform.
"The enemy struck in the Kharkiv region with S -300 SPRs. Part of the rocket was" at home. "
Read also: Kraken's Special Forces Special Forces Backs up with a Funeral Storm According to him, there is no missile in the air at this time, but the threat of new rocket launchers remains.
As reported by Ukrinform, about 13:35 July 4 Russians fired at the city Persvoimaisky . According to the latest data, the number of time has increased to 43. The city damages the glazing, balconies and doors of nine multi -storey buildings. In addition, the four -car was burned, as well as one car is damaged.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731551-vorog-zavdav-udariv-po-harkivsini-raketami-s300.html 
Pervomaisk rocket strike: Rescuers still bypass damaged homes 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T23:50:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T23:50:00+03:00
Description: Rescuers are still inspecting the homes damaged by the Russian rocket in Pervomaisk. Among more than 40 victims are 12 children, including two babies. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16885... ']
Tags: ['Теракт', 'Агресія РФ', 'Зеленський', 'Війна з Росією', 'Ракетний удар']
Type: Article
 Rescuers are still inspecting the homes damaged by the Russian rocket. Among more than 40 victims are 12 children, including two -seizes.
About it during video address President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said, Ukrinform reports.
"Today, Russia has once again hit Kharkiv region, in the city of Pervomaisk, probably rocket Iskander, 8 usual high -rise buildings were damaged, more than 40 people were injured, 12 of them children, two babies. They are less than a year. As of this time, rescuers are still taking out damaged homes, "Zelensky said.
Read also: Russia hit the Pervomaisky Rocket "Iskander -K" -Ignat 
All the victims, as the Head of State added, will be provided with all the necessary help.
The President also stressed that Russia will not escape the responsibility of either this terract or others.
"Russian terrorists want to become model in the way they destroy life. We will become model in how life we protect, how life then corresponds to the right and inevitably for every blow to terrorists," - saidzelensky.
Read also: [on the roof of several units of the Russian units.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731549-zelenskij-na-dahu-kilkoh-energoblokiv-zaes-rosiani-rozmistili-predmeti-shozi-na-vibuhivku.html) 
The President recalled how the Nazis was hiding from responsibility, and not many of them did not escape it.
"We catch the racists much faster." Zelensky said.
!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731532-u-razi-vibuhu-na-zaes-meskanci-zoni-radiacijnoi-avarii-maut-buti-gotovimi-do-evakuacii-moz.html) *
As reported by Ukrinform, around 13:35 July 4 the Russians fired at the city Pervomaisky. The number of wounded according to the latest data has increased to 43. The city has damaged glazing, balconies and doors of nine multi -storey buildings.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731555-raketnij-udar-po-pervomajsku-ratuvalniki-dosi-obhodat-poskodzeni-budinki.html 
The President will hold a meeting on security issues with the Ministry of Internal Affairs and the SBU 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T23:57:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T23:57:00+03:00
Description: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky will hold a meeting on security issues with the leadership of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and the SBU. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16775... ']
Tags: ['Клименко', 'МВС', 'СБУ', 'Зеленський', 'Василь Малюк']
Type: Article
 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky will hold a meeting on security issues with the leadership of the Ministry of Education and Science.
The Head of State said this during video return , reports Ukrinform.
"There will be a meeting with the Minister of Internal Affairs Klimenko and the head of the Child Security Service, about the new challenges of our security and the overall situation," the President said.
He added that a intelligence meeting was also held.
Read also: [on the roof of several units of the Russian units.(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731549-zelenskij-na-dahu-kilkoh-energoblokiv-zaes-rosiani-rozmistili-predmeti-shozi-na-vibuhivku.html) 
"We know how to put terrorists in place. Thank you to all our soldiers," said Zelene.
As reported by Ukrinform, on March 4, 2022, the Russians captured ZPES . On June 22, 2023, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced Russia's plans to arrange a terrorist attack of the instruction.
On June 30, the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense reported that the Russian contingent gradually leaves the territory of the Zaporozhye nuclear power plant.
Foto: SBU 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731553-prezident-provede-naradu-sodo-pitan-bezpeki-z-kerivnictvom-mvs-ta-sbu.html 
In Ukraine a moment of silence 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T24:00:00-04:00
Description: Zgіdnu by decree of the president of Ukraine Volodimir Zelensky No. 143/2022, Khvilina Movchannya ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last ones for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' candle.gif ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІЙНА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'УКАЗ ПРЕЗИДЕНТА УКРАЇНИ', 'ХВИЛИНА МОВЧАННЯ']
Category: News
 According to the Decree of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky No. 143/2022, minutes are being held daily at 9:00, it is announced in all means of mass information.
“For the purpose of honoring light memory, civic courage and dedication, strength of spirit, stability and heroic feat of warriors who died in the performance of flew tasks for the protection of state sovereignty and territorial compatibility To initiate a day at 9 o'clock 00 minutes of a nationwide minute of silence to the songs, who were killed as a result of armed aggression of the Russian Federation in the contrary of Ukraine, which to declare in all media, regardless of ownership, ”the document reads.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/ 
Defense forces continue to conduct offensive operations on Bakhmut, Melitopol and Berdyansk directions 
Author: ['Оксана Іванець']
Time: 2023-07-04T26:00:00-04:00
Description: About the ceremony of the National National Telemaraphon “єini News”, the General Rechik River ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' nastup.jpg ']
Tags: ['АНДРІЙ КОВАЛЬОВ']
Category: News
 Andriy Kovalyov, a spokesman for the General News, informed this in the Evil of the National News Tele scale.
According to Kovalev, the enemy resists, performs constant movement of units, actively applies reserves and suffered crazy losses. In addition, Russian occupation troops are trying to advance on Lyman, Avdiiv and Mariinsky.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/syly-oborony-prodovzhuyut-vesty-nastupalni-operacziyi-na-bahmutskomu-melitopolskomu-i-berdyanskomu-napryamkah/ 
Ukraine and NATO founded a new council that will help strengthen the defense capability 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T28:00:00-04:00
Description: Ukrainian I was pierced by the Rada of the Directorate of the Complex Package of the Duphum, ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' photo_5244477234369120613_y.jpg ']
Tags: ['КОМПЛЕКСНИЙ ПАКЕТ ДОПОМОГИ', 'ОБОРОНОЗДАТНІСТЬ УКРАЇНИ', 'ОЛЬГА СТЕФАНІШИНА']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
Ukraine and NATO launched the Council for the Management of Projects of Complex Packaging, which are aimed at strengthening our country's defense capability.
About it reports Government portal.
“Ensuring the effective implementation of a comprehensive assistance package, aimed at strengthening Ukraine's defense capabilities , is even more important in the context of future serious transformations, which are envisaged by the deepening of Ukraine's integration into NATO and the achievement of full -extent with the Alliance. The Council for the Management of the CPD projects, which we are misapobing will become a necessary link between political and alliance political structures and Ukrainian institutions in the process of development and implementation of projects, ”Olga Stefanyshyn said under the time meeting of the Council for Management(Efficiency)NATO for Ukraine.
Also, at a meeting with the participation of NATO Secretary General for Thomas Hoffus, the current status and prospects of the prose prose were discussed within the CPD, which will be present during NATO in Vilnius next week.
Viceremier-Minister expressed his hope that the summit would be talked about "fundamental decisions for Ukraine, our common future stability of the entire European continent."
"Everything that is done to deepen Ukraine-NATO partnership, including the advice of the Council, serves as one strategic purpose-to bring us closer to us as much as possible, to make us more capable, strong and stable on the way of Ukraine,"-summed up Olga Stephanishin.
Recall NATO summit It will take place in Vilnius July 11-122023. On the eve of the Minister of Defense of Ukraine Alexei Reznikov published seven expectations from the NATO Vilnius Summit.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ukrayina-ta-nato-zasnuvaly-novu-radu-yaka-dopomozhe-zmicznyty-oboronozdatnist/ 
Volodymyr Zelenskyy and German Chancellor coordinated positions on the eve of NATO Vilnius Summit 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T30:00:00-04:00
Description: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky Zelensmov Rozmov with Chancellor Nimuccini ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 756759684287596.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВОЛОДИМИР ЗЕЛЕНСЬКИЙ', 'КАНЦЛЕР ФРН ОЛАФ ШОЛЬЦ', 'САМІТ НАТО', 'СИТУАЦІЯ НА ФРОНТІ', 'ФОРМУЛА МИРУ']
Category: News
 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky has a telephone conversation from the Chancellor Olaf Sholtz on the military, political and humanitarian situation in Ukraine.
The Head of State reported Twitter.
Leaders coordinated positions before NATO Vilnius and discuss future security guarantees for Ukraine.
“He informed about the situation on the battlefield. They shared the estimates of the latest events of Urals and Belarus and discussed the current state of the grain agreement and the importance of its repayment, ”Volodymyr Zelenskyy wrote.
The President thanked Olaf Scholz for the support of the London Conference and a meeting of the European Council, as well as for the active implementation of a previous defense package of 2.7 billion euros and for long -term planboron support for 8.8 billion euros.
"The meeting at the level of advisers in Copenhagen was noted as an important step in the re -realization of the Ukrainian formula of peace and agreed to continue active work in this direction," his post reads.
Recall the next NATO summit will take place In Vilnius, July 11-12, 2023.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/volodymyr-zelenskyj-ta-kanczler-nimechchyny-skoordynuvaly-pozycziyi-naperedodni-vilnyuskogo-samitu-nato/ 
Russia limited the access of the Red Cross to prisoners of Ukrainian defenders - Coordination Headquarters 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T32:00:00-04:00
Description: At the coordinating headquarters, Zustych Iz by the Motherlands of the Polonenikh Vіskovo services that ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 85498787-557b-40ca-84c3-4e3af79c413e-e1688448751844.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВІЙСЬКОВОПОЛОНЕНІ', 'КООРДИНАЦІЙНИЙ ШТАБ', 'ЧЕРВОНИЙ ХРЕСТ']
Category: News
 At the coordination headquarters, a meeting with the families of prisoners of prisoners and missing persons was held under the special circumstances of a separate mechanized brigade named after Hetman Ivan Mazepa and a separate assault -wrecking Batalion "Donbass", during which a representative of the prisoners of prisoners of prisoners.
About it reports Coordination headquarters of inquiries for the treatment of prisoners of war.
In particular, the headquarters representative noted that Ukraine adheres to Geneva Conventions, so the International Committee of the Red Cross(ICCH)It has access to the retention of Russian prisoners of war in our territory. Instead, the births and in the temporarily occupied Ukrainian territories the access of the ICRC to the maintenance of our prisoners, unfortunately, is limited.
During the meeting, they discussed the problematic issues concerning communication, as well as the algorithm of actions and the timing of investigations of the facts of the disappearance of servicemen for specialized.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/rosiya-obmezhyla-dostup-chervonogo-hresta-do-polonenyh-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/ 
It is impossible to imagine the future of Europe without Ukraine - the President of the European Commission 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T34:00:00-04:00
Description: In the єvropieo soyz, the Maybutnoye without Ukrainian is not in the Moldovy Yak member of the block. ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' ursula.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ДОПОМОГА ПАРТНЕРІВ', 'ЄВРОСОЮЗ', 'СВІТ ПІДТРИМУЄ УКРАЇНУ', 'УРСУЛА ФОН ДЕР ЛЯЄН']
Category: News
 In the European Union, they do not imagine the future without Ukraine and Moldova as a member.
About this during a meeting dedicated to the presidency of Spain in the EU Council, reported President of the European Commission Ursula von der Liaien.
“Can you imagine that the European Union will be without Ukraine, without Moldova, the unstressed Balkans? And those parts of Europe are influenced by Russia or China? So the direction of the movement is clear, ”Ursula von der Liaien emphasized.
Speaking in Madrid, Ursula von Der Lyen said that the block should look at the years ahead and imagine what an alliance should be. She added that the issue of expansion should be considered as soon as possible.
The continuation of Ukraine's support in its war with Russia was the main one in the order and priority for the Spanish presidency.
“We have to double our support of Ukraine. Almost 500 days of post -year -old invasion of Russia have passed. Now our duty is to comply with this endurance and perseverance. This includes reliable and regular financial support, ”said Ursula von Der Lyen, appreciating the striking opposite of the Ukrainian people.
_ Prepared Vitaliy Lytvyn_
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/nemozhlyvo-uyavyty-majbutnye-yevropy-bez-ukrayiny-prezydentka-yevrokomisiyi/ 
The last days are particularly yielding - Alexey Danilov on the successes of the Defense Forces of Ukraine at the front 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T36:00:00-04:00
Description: The secretary for the sake of National Bezpeki, the defense of Ukraine Olekiye Danylov, Scho ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' image-3.jpg ']
Tags: ['ОЛЕКСІЙ ДАНІЛОВ', 'РНБО', 'СИТУАЦІЯ НА ФРОНТІ']
Category: News
 The secretary of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine Alexei Danilov reported that the last days on the battlefield were particularly yielding to the forces of defense.
He [wrote] about it(https://twitter.com/OleksiyDanilov/status/1676116133819170817)Twitter.
"The forces of Ukraine's defense at this stage of active fighting are performed by one - the maximum destruction of living power, equipment, fuel warehouses, b/k, team points, artillery and air defense forces of the Russian army," it reads.
The NSDC Secretary said that "the war for destruction is now equal to the warfare."
“More destroyed - more released. The more efficiently the first, the more we do.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ostanni-dni-osoblyvo-vrozhajni-oleksij-danilov-pro-uspihy-syl-oborony-ukrayiny-na-fronti/ 
Today at 12:00 at Military Media Center there will be an online exclusion 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T38:00:00-04:00
Description: Soogodnі, 4 lips, about 12:00, the Military Media Center is online ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest news today, news war with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and Russia and When the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 7-chernyk.jpg ']
Tags: ['ПЕТРО ЧЕРНИК']
Category: News
 Military expert Petro Chernyk
Today, 4 July I , O 12: 00, ** U MILITARY MEDIACENTER The online audit of Colonel Peter Chernyk will take place.
The following issues will be discussed:
What we should expect in the near future;
Follow news and announcements in the Military Media Center's telegram-channel – https: //t.me/militalMediacenter ._
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/sogodni-o-1200-u-military-media-center-vidbudetsya-onlajn-vklyuchennya-vijskovogo-analityka-polkovnyka-petra-chernyka/ 
The authors of the song "Good evening, we are from Ukraine" will perform on the parade of Independence Day of the United States 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T3:05:02+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:05:02+03:00
Description: The authors of the song "Good evening, we are from Ukraine" band Probasslav will perform in Washington at the parade of Independence Day of the United States of America. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_15307... ']
Tags: ['Музика', 'США', 'МКІП ']
Type: Article
 Author's good evening, we are from Ukraine "Probass∆hardi will perform Uzhington at the Independence Day parade of the United States of America.
The Ministry of Culture and Information Policy of Ukraine reported this in telegram , reports Ukrinform.
"As part of the tour in the US, the authors of Hita" Good evening, we from Ukraine "will be the head parade of the country for Independence Day in Washington," - the testimony reads.
It is noted that the purpose of the tour is to raise funds for Ukraine from the sale of securities of the United Help Ukraine, an American non -profit organization created in 2014 to provide critically important assistance to those who most intelligence.
Read also: Zelensky congratulated USA Happy Independence Day: For the mind to be allies It has been reported that the Independence Day of the United States of America is celebrated on July 4. The holiday was established in honor of the adoption of the Declaration of Independence from the United Kingdom, which became one of the central moments of the American Revolution of 1775-1783.
President Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated the States on Independence Day and assured that in the coalition of free and bold US can always count on Ukraine as a union.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3731536-avtori-pisni-dobrogo-vecora-mi-z-ukraini-vistuplat-na-paradi-do-dna-nezaleznosti-ssa.html 
In the morning, the invaders fired at the mortars of Sumy and Chernihiv border with mortars 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T40:00:00-04:00
Description: Syogodnі, 4 lipnya, Rosіyskіdvetskiyinі Vіsyska Vykhgov sheltered Prordordonnni Teritors ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in Ukraine in Ukraine It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 2022-10-21-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny-i-sumshhyny-armiya-rf-obstrilyala-z-artyleriyi.jpg ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ОБСТРІЛИ ПРИКОРДОННЯ', 'ОК «ПІВНІЧ»', 'СУМЩИНА', 'ЧЕРНІГІВЩИНА']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
Today, July 4, Russian occupation troops once again fired the border areas of Chernihiv and Sumy regions.
About it reports Operational Command "North".
In the Chernihiv region, from 20:50 to 21:15 July 3, 4 parishes were recorded, probably with a mortar 120 mm, in the area of the settlement of Karpovichi. From 03:49 to 04: 20 there were 6 parishes, probably from a mortar 120 mm, in the area of the inhabited point of Mikhalchyna Sloboda.
In the Sumy region from 21:20 to 21:55, 9 parishes were recorded on July 3, 120 mm, probably, in the area of Vovkivka settlement. From 03:55 to 04: 10, 8 parishes have been recorded, probably 120 mm mortar, in the area of the settlement of the settlement-building.
The loss of civilian infrastructure in the local population is specified.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/zranku-okupanty-obstrilyaly-z-minometiv-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny/ 
Military-political situation around our country and the reaction of the world to recent events in Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T42:00:00-04:00
Description: Online inclusive at the Military Media Center Viece analik, Colonel Peter Blenik. ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: []
Tags: ['ОПЕРАТИВНА СИТУАЦІЯ', 'ПЕТРО ЧЕРНИК', 'ПОДІЇ']
Category: News
Online inclusion in the Military Media Center of the military analyst of Colonel Petra Chernyk.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/voyenno-politychna-obstanovka-navkolo-nashoyi-derzhavy-i-reakcziya-svitu-na-ostanni-podiyi-v-ukrayini/ 
Representatives of the Main Directorate of the State Aviation of Ukraine took part in a meeting of NATO Aviation Committee 
Author: ['Валентина Вілюра']
Time: 2023-07-04T44:00:00-04:00
Description: Days at Brussels Vidbulo Vydannya Avіaatsiya Komitet NATO for Section Kerivnikiv ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, there will be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' golovna-51-e1688461802328.jpg ']
Tags: []
Category: News
 Recently, NATO Aviation Committee meeting was held in Brussels with the participation of national military authorities of aviation of aviation countries - NATO partners.
Employees of the Main Department of State Aviation of Ukraine took part in the event in the event(Gudau). Начальник ГУДАУ Андрій Телегінвиступив з доповіддю про набутий досвід та особливості у сфері регулюваннядіяльності державної авіації України в умовах дії режиму воєнного стану.Зокрема було розглянуто питання та доведено інформацію щодо особливостейльотної придатності повітряних суден, їхніх компонентів та використанняповітряного простору.
Далі відбулося друге засідання керівників національних військових органівуправління авіацією країн — членів НАТО за участі країн-партнерів. АндрійТелегін виступив із доповіддю щодо організації та виконання польотів,застосування БПЛА, підготовки льотного складу, медичного забезпечення тавикористання аеродромів.
Він зазначив, що з метою обговорення та врахування особливостей функціонуваннядержавної авіації в умовах воєнного стану ГУДАУ проведено міжвідомчу нараду іззалученням усіх структур, що належать до державної авіації України. Ухваленорішення щодо переопрацювання деяких чинних нормативно-правових актів у галузідержавної авіації та розробки нових, в тому числі документа щодо організаціїта виконання польотів державної авіації в особливий період, зокрема під часвоєнного стану.
Цей документ, після його впровадження, буде представлено Авіаційному комітетуНАТО, на їхнє прохання, що дозволить скорегувати підходи Альянсу із зазначенихпитань з урахуванням нашого реального досвіду ведення війни.
Крім того, на заході було доведено інформацію щодо боротьби з ворожими БПЛА.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/predstavnyky-golovnogo-upravlinnya-derzhavnoyi-aviacziyi-ukrayiny-vzyaly-uchast-u-zasidanni-aviaczijnogo-komitetu-nato/ 
More than 15 hectares of water areas of the Nikolaev area were cleared of explosive objects 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T46:00:00-04:00
Description: The habitual services of the Utzvychiye Situal Situal Situal Cight Aquatic ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine will be in 2022 Or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' dsns.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВИБУХОНЕБЕЗПЕЧНІ ПРЕДМЕТИ', 'ДСНС УКРАЇНИ', 'МИКОЛАЇВЩИНА']
Category: News
 Rescuers of the State Service of Ukraine for Emergency Situations are inspected by the Mykolaiv Oblast Abilities for the presence of explosive objects. To carry out such works in the territory of one of the enterprises Nikolaevavavavavod is a modern special equipment: the underwater robot of the Charpie, underwater drone Fifish V6 Expert M100, Sonobot 5 hydrographic apparatus.
About it reported SES press service.
The survey was conducted with the involvement of a special boat for mine-sea mine, diving and rescue boat "Rescuer 2019" and diving and rescue boat Curouline.
In places where divers were found explosive objects, the renning bucks were installed, after which the ammunition was lifted to the surface and rod was transported ashore for loading into a special pyrotechnic car to further destroy in a specially designated place.
“The survey of the water area is another of the areas of work of our SES specialists. We have a lot of work, but we are ready for these challenges, ”said the head of the SES Sergiykruk.
In general, in the territory of the Nikolaev area, more than 15 hectares of waters have already been cleared.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ponad-15-ga-akvatorij-mykolayivskoyi-oblasti-ochyshheno-vid-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/ 
The North Atlantic Council continued the authority of Jens Stoltenberg as a NATO Secretary General 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T48:00:00-04:00
Description: NATO members were home to crush the mandate of the Secretary General єns Stoltenberg Shchen on ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' stoltenberg.jpg ']
Tags: ['ЄНС СТОЛТЕНБЕРГ', 'НАТО']
Category: News
 NATO members have agreed to continue the Secretary -General of Yinstoltenberg for another year, by October 1, 2024 . This decision was built by the heads of state and governments of NATO at the Vilnius Summit.
This is stated in message Preschool.
The members of the Alliance thanked the Secretary General for his leadership, which was critical for preserving the transatlantic unity before the face of unprecedented security challenges.
“For me, it is a great honor of the decision of NATO Allies to continue my term by the Secretary General. The transatlantic connection between Europe with Taponic America has provided our freedom and security during the age of five years, and in a more dangerous world, our great alliance is more important than ever, ”Jens Stoltenberg said.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/pivnichnoatlantychna-rada-prodovzhyla-povnovazhennya-yensa-stoltenberga-na-posadi-genseka-nato/ 
Ukrainian law enforcement officers in France borrowed the experience of investigating military crimes against children 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T4:00:00-04:00
Description: Ukrainian prosecutors of the National Police have passed by the Paris of Paris Roslijidvannya ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' whatsapp-image-2023-07-03-at-152721-2.jpeg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'ВОЄННІ ЗЛОЧИНИ ЗС РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ОФІС ГЕНЕРАЛЬНОГО ПРОКУРОРА', 'ФРАНЦІЯ']
Category: News
 Ukrainian prosecutors and investigators of the National Police have been trained in Paris with the investigation of war crimes against children. The training took place at the Basinational School of Judges of the French Republic, reports Office of the Prosecutor General.
For five days, French experts - investigators, judges, lawyers, forensic experts, criminals and psychologists - shared their own experience of investigating the investigation of patient crimes in the context of their commission for children.
During the training they discussed the issues of international legal cooperation during the investigation of war crimes, features of conducting investigative actions with children, methods of collecting digital evidence.
They also paid attention to working with open sources and interaction with non -governmental organizations.
Deputy Prosecutor General Victoria Litvinov, who led the delegation of prosecutors, emphasized the importance of documenting each military crime.
She also noted the need to work out practices with this particularly vulnerable category of victims and witnesses to protect their right to punish the perpetrators.
Participants of the training visit - 20 prosecutors and investigators of the police from Donetsk, Zaporizhzhya, Kyiv, Kharkiv, Kherson and Autonomous Republicikim.
Exchange of experience with foreign colleagues will help to increase the institutional expression of Ukrainian law enforcement agencies in investigating military crimes and strengthening of international cooperation.
All this for one goal is to bring the guilty and international levels responsible.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ukrayinski-pravoohoronczi-u-francziyi-perejmaly-dosvid-rozsliduvannya-voyennyh-zlochyniv-stosovno-ditej/ 
Biden insists on the reform of weapons circulation after new mass shootings in the United States 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T4:10:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:10:00+03:00
Description: US President Joe Biden has made a new initiative to immediately reform the weapons circulation in the country against a new wave of mass violence in the United States. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16846... ']
Tags: ['Байден', 'США', 'Стрілянина']
Type: Article
 Presidential Joe Biden has made a new initiative to immediately reform the weapons circulation system in the country against a new wave of massive violence of relocated states.
This is stated in the official statement The head of the White House, spread on Tuesday, reports Ukrinform.
"In our power to introduce a ban on assault weapons and high -power stores, to demand safe storage of weapons, to abolish the immunity of manufacturers from responsibility and to introduce a general data check," the US President proclaimed.
Read also: shooting in Philadelphia: four dead, two -heated, including children 
He urged some states to follow the example of Illinois and push republicans in the US Congress to start discussing important reforms that are common sense and supported by the American people.
Biden recalled that in the last few days the US has experienced a new wave of deadly shooting Throughout the country-from Philadelphia to Fort Wark, from Baltimor to Lansing, from the daughter of a daughter.
"Today, Jill and I are missing those who have lost life, and while our country celebrates Independence Day, we pray for the day when our communities will be free from weapons violence," the US president emphasized.
Read also: in the East of the United States there was a shooting - two dead and 28 wounded 
Joe Baiden's administration was reported to be consistent efforts to prove reasonable restrictions on the free and time of uncontrolled circulation in America to reduce the "Violence Epidemic" and to eradicate the US arms.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731534-bajden-napolagae-na-reformi-obigu-zbroi-pisla-novih-masovih-rozstriliv-u-ssa.html 
Ukraine will receive multifunctional F-16 fighters from partner countries-the decision has already been made 
Author: ['Оксана Іванець']
Time: 2023-07-04T50:00:00-04:00
Description: About the TSE in the Eterior National Telemarathon “єini News”, the renunciation of the forces is reduced ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' rechnyk-ps-zsu-yurij-ignat.jpg ']
Tags: ['F-16', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ЄДИНІ НОВИНИ', 'ЮРІЙ ІГНАТ']
Category: News
 Colonel Ignatius Ignatius Colonel. Illustrative photo
Colonel Yuriy Ignat, a spokesman for the Silprovita Defense of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces, said this in the efficiency of the National Telernado.
However, Yuri Ignat emphasized that the delay in the transfer of aircraft to Ukraine-partner to Ukrainian pilots leads to human sacrifices both among Ukrainian defenders and among civilians. In order for those who can not be able to accelerate.
In addition, the officer stressed that Ukraine is considering obtaining other edges of aircraft that could strengthen the combat capabilities of Ukrainian aviation.
-These are multifunctional fighters with two engines, such as F-18, F-15, Eurofighter Typhoon, that is, planes that have more opportunities and more use of use.
Over the past 24 hours, Ukraine has destroyed 20 hostile shock -based shots of Shahd and Lancet and 6 reconnaissance UAVs.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ukrayina-otrymaye-vid-krayin-partneriv-bagatofunkczionalni-vynyshhuvachi-f-16-rishennya-vzhe-uhvaleno/ 
About 42 thousand women serve in the Armed Forces, 5000 of them are in the leading positions - Anna Malyar 
Author: ['Валентина Вілюра']
Time: 2023-07-04T52:00:00-04:00
Description: About CE, the intercessor of the Ministan defense of Ukraine Ganna Mallar PID is the hour of the All -Ukrainian ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' img_0475.jpg ']
Tags: ['ГАННА МАЛЯР', 'ЖІНКИ В ЗСУ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
This was stated by the Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Anna Malyar during the Wedding Forum "Leadership of Women during the War".
According to the Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine, women went to the front with a decision. Currently, all restrictions on the Ukrainian specialties that women can have.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/blyzko-42-tysyach-zhinok-sluzhat-u-zsu-5000-iz-nyh-perebuvayut-na-perednih-pozycziyah-ganna-malyar/ 
Switzerland increases the support of recovery of Ukrainian schools 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T53:00:00-04:00
Description: Federal Radnik izhnatsio Kassis Kasvaliv Vidіlennya Dodatkovichi 5.5 Milion for Switzersky ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last ones for Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 630_360_1595322303-296.jpg ']
Tags: ['ШВЕЙЦАРІЯ']
Category: News
 Federal Advisor Ignacis Cassis has approved the allocation of additional 5.5 million Swiss francs for the reconstruction and repair of about 30 schools in Ukraine. Met - to provide almost 15 thousand students with access to decent and safe education. Proce reported on the official page of the Federal Radishwitzerland. 
Russian military aggression has caused a serious blow to the educational sector of Ukraine. Thousands of schools throughout the country have been damaged or destroyed, and the multi -part has left the conflict areas, thereby interrupting the training of millions of students.
In response to this crisis, the Federal Advisor Ignacis Cassis increased the support of the prose "decentralization for the improvement of democratic education"(DECIDE)5.5 million Swiss francs to restore about 30 Uregions, which were directly affected by the fighting in Chernihiv, Odessa, Tapoltava. The project involves the installation of protected multi -purpose classes to ensure uninterrupted training, even when warning a offering plaque.
Reconstruction and modernization of schools in municipalities, which have ancient relations with SDC, will provide students with a safe and correspondence for eye education in class. This initiative will not only strengthen the local public services, but also strengthen the stability of the education system in crisis situations. The continuation of eye learning will also facilitate integration of migrant children and their families into the host communities.
This additional contribution of Switzerland will also allow the Decide project to provide technical and pedagogical support for online education for children who live in areas, especially vulnerable to hostilities, and deed training is impossible. Thanks to this contribution of the Swiss Confederation as 15,000 students will be able to continue their training and dignity.
The Ministry of Education and Science of Ukraine seeks to restore the educational sector, ensure the return of children to school and guarantee a safe environment and educational services during the war. The DECIDE project is implemented in close service with the Ministry of Education and Science of Ukraine, the Ministry of Communities, Territories and Infrastructure Development of Ukraine and local authorities.
Supporting Switzerland's schools is part of the Assistance Plan for Ukraine for the amount of 140 million Swiss francs announced in February by the Federal Council in February Tasted by Parliament.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/shvejczariya-zbilshuye-pidtrymku-vidnovlennya-ukrayinskyh-shkil/ 
The Ministry of Defense avoided the introduction of information censorship during the war - Anna Malyar 
Author: ['Валентина Вілюра']
Time: 2023-07-04T54:00:00-04:00
Description: The Minsky Construction of the defense of Ukraine has spent the unique one of the quadjeennia іnformani censorship, ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine will be in 2022 Or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' foto-malyar.jpg ']
Tags: ['ГАННА МАЛЯР', 'НОВИНИ']
Category: News
 The Ministry of Defense of Ukraine managed to avoid the introduction of information censorship, which is a unique experience during the war.
This was reported at the All -Ukrainian Forum of Women's Leadership during the war by the Minister of Defense of Ukraine Anna Malyar.
“We have not introduced information censorship, and all the partners notice it. And tsuomically during such a war. At the same time, we were able to train a community to a certain information culture in a year. And even if there are singles, when there is a leak of information, because we have a multi -million dollar state. In general, the general culture has jumped over this year, and we have something to do other countries, ”said Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Anna Malyar.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/minoborony-unyknulo-zaprovadzhennya-informaczijnoyi-czenzury-pid-chas-vijny-ganna-malyar/ 
The situation with external power supply remains very vulnerable - the IAEA 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T55:00:00-04:00
Description: Zaporizka atomonu Elektronetsiye for Chotiri Mysyatsi Pidnoksi was up to єdin’s accessible ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' zaes-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['ЗАЕС', 'МАГАТЕ']
Category: News
 For the first time in four months, the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Power Plant was connected to a single -accessible backup transmission line, but the situation remains "extremely vulnerable" and unstable. About this reported On the IAEA site.
"Although the reconstruction of the power transmission line is positive, the situation with the external power supply of the station remains very vulnerable, which emphasizes the unreliable situation with nuclear security and security on the facility," the Gross CEO Gross CEO.
Connection of the ZPP to a single power line 330 kilovolts(QV)Flewing from six such reserve lines to the conflict, 1 March was broken due to damage on the other bank of the Dnieper River and restored on the evening of July 1. Work on the restoration of the power line was complicated because of a complex security situation in the southern region.
The reconstruction of the 330 kV line is important because in the last few months, the ZPP has relied on a single main line of 750 kV for external electricity required to cool the reactor and other important functions of nuclear safety. Before the conflict began in February 2022, there were four lines of 750 square meters.
Currently, the 330 kV line is under voltage and is stored as a backup and ready -to -feed ZPP, if the 750 kV line becomes unavailable or damaged.
During the conflict, it has lost its power supply to the site of seven times outside the site, which causes it to temporarily use emergency diesel generators.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/sytuacziya-iz-zovnishnimy-elektropostachannyam-zaes-zalyshayetsya-duzhe-vrazlyvoyu-magate/ 
The war will end only after the collapse of the Russian Federation - Peter Chernik 
Author: ['Антон Печерський']
Time: 2023-07-04T56:00:00-04:00
Description: - Shcho Stoosita Boyovikh, then I have not grown up with an optimism, ShO, praying, to the new rock ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine And when Russia and the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo_2023-07-04_14-19-14.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'НОВИНИ']
Category: News
 Photo by Andriy Suvorov
The classic military defeat that inevitably expects him, most likely, will lead to Putin's pre -physical death, and the Russian Federation can embark on the path of its decay.
In the expert's view, the war will really end only then, the Language Federation will fall completely, but we have a difficult way for a long way.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/vijna-zakinchytsya-lyshe-pislya-rozpadu-rf-petro-chernyk/ 
Over the past day, our warriors destroyed 16 Shahaneda in the air battle 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T57:00:00-04:00
Description: About CED DOIMLAY GS ZS Ukrainian. “Behind the clarification of the INFORMASIA, the lasting of the one ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 is the last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine will be either in 2022 No, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' geran-shahed.jpg ']
Tags: ['SHAHED', 'STOPRUSSIA', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗС УКРАЇНИ', 'ХРОНІКА ОБОРОНИ']
Category: News
 Illustrative Photo 🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
About it reports General of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
“According to the specified information, during the last day, Russian invaders have been used to have 3 anti-aircraft controlled missiles with S-300 and 22 Iranian shock-type shock-types in civilian infrastructure sites in Sumy, Donetsk, Zaporizhzhya regions. As a result of the air combat, our warriors destroyed 16 shock UAVs type, ”the message reads.
It is also noted that tonight the Russian Federation has struck the next hill of Iranian shock UAV Shahd. Information on the consequences of the Russian terrorist attack is currently clarified.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine reminds that the probability of missile and aviation strikes throughout Ukraine remains very high.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/u-protypovitryanomu-boyu-nashi-voyiny-znyshhyly-16-shahed-iv/ 
Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed with Sweden Prime Minister Defense Support of Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T58:00:00-04:00
Description: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky Zelensmov Rozmov Z Prem'r-Ministrom ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, War with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' bd4effda453e935b9a1a3b8ad85cff40_1688463762_extra_large.jpeg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВОЛОДИМИР ЗЕЛЕНСЬКИЙ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky has a telephone conversation with the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Sweden by Ulf Kristerson.
About it reports Office of the President of Ukraine.
-The Head of State thanked the head of the Swedish government for the effective six-year-old chairman of Sweden in the Council of the European Union and active participation in the training of sanctions against the aggressor state,-the message reads.
At the same time, the interlocutors discussed the situation at the front and recent events of the Russian Storetorium. According to the President, they demonstrated the split of Urosian society and the weakness of the powerful vertical. Volodymyr Zelensky assumed that in such circumstances, further political pressure on Russia and military support of Ukraine will be most effective.
The parties also agreed to coordinate efforts to approach membership in both countries.
In addition, the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Sweden discussed the timing of preliminary agreements on defense support from the roar. Volodymyr Zelensky informed about the further needs of Ukraine, in particular about the strengthening of air defense.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/volodymyr-zelenskyj-obgovoryv-z-premyer-ministrom-shvecziyi-oboronnu-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/ 
In Luhansk region, the occupiers staged two hospitals in children's wellness camps 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T59:00:00-04:00
Description: About CED DOIMLAY GS ZS Ukrainian. “Rosіyskі PROPPANTS OF THE RUSHENNE Norms ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine will be or not, or not, Will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 64247daa90f1ad1d8f723a3395b60312edcc45c2.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'ВОЄННІ ЗЛОЧИНИ ЗС РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗС УКРАЇНИ', 'ЛИМАН']
Category: News
 🔥 Situation on the Russian invasion about it reports General of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
“The Russian invaders continue to violate the rules of international humanitarian law and the use of children's institutions of temporarily occupied settlements for providing medical assistance to their wounded servicemen. Thus, at the Makarovo Lugansk region, on the territory of the children's health camp, Russian servicemen have arranged a military shelter, where more than 100 wounded occupiers are located. Russian military equipment and roadblocks are dispersed throughout the territory. In the direct closeness there are residential buildings of the local population, ”the testimony reads.
It is noted that a similar situation in Lyman of the Luhansk region, the derose invaders were converted to the military hospital children's well -being "Yalinka", which also has more than 100 wounded ash. The camp territory is also used to store military equipment.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/na-luganshhyni-okupanty-vlashtuvaly-dva-shpytali-u-dytyachyh-ozdorovchyh-taborah/ 
Spain's U21 Mentor: Ukraine holds a wonderful tourna 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T5:17:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:17:00+03:00
Description: The head coach of the Spanish youth team (football players up to the 21st year), Santi Denya, is waiting for a difficult game with the Ukrainian Youth in the semifinals of the European Championship 2023. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Футбол']
Type: Article
 The head coach of the Spanish youth team(football players up to 21st)Santi Deniya is waiting for a difficult game with the Ukrainian Youth in the semifinals of the European Championship 2023.
As the official [site] reports(https://ru.uefa.com/under21/match/2036151--spain-vs-ukraine/)The Union of European Football Associations(UEFA), the mentor of the realm of Winger's "blue and yellow" Mikhail Mudrik, reports Ukrinform.
“In this tournament, no one has seen a wise in the case. This is a wonderful futblebolist, and the whole national team of Ukraine holds a wonderful tournament. It is necessary for their coach. We have to work well on all aspects -attaks, defense, transitions and "standards". We have to have a practically ideal match to get into the finals. Help is needed to defend the anthrax, ”Denia said.
We will remind, the Forward of London "Chelsea" Mikhail Mudryk missed the mattress stage of Euro-2023 due to injury. Winger first played a France's teaching tournament with France.
Read also: Rotan : "Guys are motivated, we understand Syretovin Spain" The match of youth teams of Ukraine and Spain will be held on July 5 in Bucharest(Romania). Початок зустрічі - о 22.00 за київським часом.
Фото: rfef.es.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731538-nasnavnik-ispanii-u21-ukraina-provodit-cudovij-turnir-a-mudrik-pospravznomu-se-ne-grav.html 
In my opinion, the most important rule of this war is not rustle - Petro Chernik 
Author: ['Дмитро Чалий']
Time: 2023-07-04T60:00:00-04:00
Description: VIISKOVY ANALITKE Petro Chernik PID Hour online in Military Media Center ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' photo_2023-07-04_14-19-11.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'НОВИНИ']
Category: News
 Photo by Andriy Suvorov
Military analyst Petro Chernyk during online inclusion in Military Mediacenter He told in what phase the Ukrainian counter -offensive, what difficulties faced the Ukrainian and how they are overcome.
-Any classic military operation has four stages, especially if it is staging. The first is the beginning, the second is the development of success, then the fixing and end. We are currently under development, especially a half -day bridgehead, - said Petro Chernik.
At the same time, he emphasized that, in his opinion, in our society there was a hiking narrative that this operation should be obligatory as in Kharkiv.
In addition, the military emphasized that in his opinion, this operation has all the characteristics of the Serson.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/na-mij-poglyad-najgolovnishe-pravylo-cziyeyi-vijny-cze-nepospih-petro-chernyk/ 
Defense Ministers of Poland and Germany: We need to find the best solutions to help Ukraine as soon as possible 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T61:00:00-04:00
Description: Ministra National Defense of Polish Mariush Blashcak PID Hour Zustychi Zi Movish Nizhmets ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' blashhak_pistorius.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'НІМЕЧЧИНА', 'ПОЛЬЩА']
Category: News
 Polish National Defense Minister Mariusz Blaschak during a meeting with his German counterpart Boris Pistorius in the 18th anti-aircraft regiment in Zamostzaijae that ministers were meeting regularly and exchanged thoughts on Ukraine's support.
About it reports Press Service of the Ministry of National Defense of Poland.
“We also talked about industrial cooperation. We got into negotiations. From the Polish side - complete openness. We want to support Ukraine together, ” said Poland's Minister Defense Mariusz Blaschak.
German Minister of Defense Boris Pistorius thanked the Polish colleague for a frank conversation about supporting Ukraine against the attack of Russia.
“Both countries are responsible for this assistance. We need to find the best solutions faster, ” accentuated Boryspistorius.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ministry-oborony-polshhi-ta-nimechchyny-nam-potribno-yaknajshvydshe-znajty-najkrashhi-rishennya-dlya-dopomogy-ukrayini/ 
Ukrainian artillery is much better than Russian - military expert 
Author: ['Антон Печерський']
Time: 2023-07-04T62:00:00-04:00
Description: Sudna Vіina at 95% of the є є ib Ukraina is guilty of the Oblijack of his artillery ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 are the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war, war With Ukraine in 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' m777.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'АРТИЛЕРІЯ', 'ПЕТРО ЧЕРНИК']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
Modern war is 95% of artillery war, and Ukraine should increase their artillery capabilities,-emphasized the military analyst Petro Chernik during online exclusion in Military Media Center .
За словами експерта, сьогодні філософія артилерійського успіху полягає упереважанні української якості над російською кількістю.
— Противник не має і не матиме таких контрбатарейних систем, як AN/TPQ-36, 48,50. У росіян є «Зоопарк», але він і близько не витримує конкуренції іззахідними зразками, — зауважив експерт.
Водночас за рахунок кількісної переваги в артилерії російські військаспроможні вдаватися до тактики вогневих валів, вистрілюючи до 40 тис. снарядівна добу, що для української артилерії — недосяжна кількість.
Російський ВПК може виробляти до 120 тис. снарядів різних калібрів щомісяця,тоді як США зможуть вийти на показник у 50 тис. на місяць у кращому разі накінець серпня — початок вересня.
Натомість Україна має перевагу в номенклатурі ствольної та реактивноїартилерії, яка забезпечує набагато точніше ураження. Тож головним питанням,яке потребує подальшої уваги, є кількість артилерійських систем на озброєнніЗСУ — її потрібно неухильно нарощувати.
Петро Черник висловив стриманий оптимізм щодо цього питання, оскількиамериканський воєнно-промисловий комплекс запрацював і неухильно нарощує своїспроможності.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ukrayinska-artyleriya-znachno-yakisnisha-za-rosijsku-vijskovyj-ekspert/ 
Today for an hour for hotline calls will be responsible 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T63:00:00-04:00
Description: Sogodnі, 4 Lipnya, z 13:00 to 14:00 VICHOVOVOSKOVSKY TRAITICIALY defense of ZSU TA ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be war between Ukraine and Russia And when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 1-59-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['ГАРЯЧА ЛІНІЯ', 'СИЛИ ТРО ЗСУ', 'ТАНЦЮРА ІГОР']
Category: News
 Today, on July 4, from 13:00 to 14:00, servicemen of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces and their relatives can communicate with the Commander of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces for an hour, Major General Igor Dancer.
About it reports The Public Relations Service of the TRU Command.
“We try to resolve every issue we address. It is important to support each of our fighters, ”the message reads.
The hotline with the TRO Commander will be held at: 0 800 507 028 ..
The TRU's hotline has been operating daily since the beginning of February 2022. During this time, more than 90 thousand calls were accepted. To get advice, you can call daily from 7:00 to 20:00 at 0 800 507 028.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/sogodni-protyagom-godyny-na-dzvinky-garyachoyi-liniyi-vidpovidatyme-komanduvach-syl-tro-zsu/ 
The Russian agent, who was preparing a rocket strike of the Russian Federation on a defensive plant in Nikolaev 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T64:00:00-04:00
Description: The Mikolavі sketchy of the agent of the FSB of the Russian Federation, Yakiy Gotuvu, Novan Rashiste, Nova Rashiste on ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 5cb234220e7250c9c0172d8ae09b9256.jpeg ']
Tags: ['АГЕНТ ФСБ', 'МИКОЛАЇВ', 'РАКЕТНІ УДАРИ РФ', 'СБУ']
Category: News
 In Nikolaev detained the FSB agent of the Russian Federation, who prepared a new air attack by defense plants and the SBU management building in the region.
About it reports Security Service of Ukraine.
Also, the person involved in the intelligence of the location and movement of other units of defense forces in the frontline areas of the Southern region. He also transferred the geolocation of civilian infrastructure to the aggressor.
In the case of successful completion of the tasks, the Special Service of the Russian Federation promised to its associate to the monster, which the attacker hoped to receive on his own bank card. But the hostile plans were exposed in a timely manner, the criminal acts of the person being engaged and the criminal acts were detained, and it was detained. The enemy agent seized the gadget with the inspiration of his correspondence with the FSB.
According to the investigation, the attacker was a local resident who was remotely recruited at the beginning of a large-scale invasion of the Russian Federation at the beginning of the aggressor.
On the basis of the evidence collected, the detainee was informed of suspicion of the two -ways of the Criminal Code of Ukraine:
The traitor was chosen by a preventive measure - detention. The investigation is ongoing to establish all the circumstances of the crime. He is threatened with life imprisonment.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/vykryto-agenta-rf-yakyj-gotuvav-raketnyj-udar-rf-po-oboronnomu-zavodu-u-mykolayevi/ 
More than 4,000 servicemen will ensure the safety of NATO summit in Vilnius 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T65:00:00-04:00
Description: 3000 Litovskiy VIISKOVIKH I 1000 VICHOVOVOVOVIVSIV PIVNIKHITANTICAL ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine will be either in 2022 No, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' samit-nato.jpg ']
Tags: ['АРВІДАС АНУШАУСКАС', 'ЛИТВА', 'САМІТ НАТО']
Category: News
 3000 Lithuanian military and 1000 allies of the Allies will ensure safety during NATO summit.
About it reported Lithuanian Defense Minister Arvidas Anushauskas.
"The armed forces of Lithuania have formed the NATO military defense forces, which are stamped by maritime and land units, special operations, military police and logistics," Arvodasanushauskas said.
In addition, NATO Summit in Vilnius will protect Polish special forces.
Recall NATO summit It will take place in Vilnius July 11-122023. On the eve of the Minister of Defense of Ukraine Alexei Reznikov published seven expectations from the NATO Vilnius Summit.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ponad-4-tysyachi-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-zabezpechuvatymut-bezpeku-samitu-nato-u-vilnyusi/ 
Hard times need strong leadership: Dmytro Kuleba congratulated the continuation of Jens Stoltenberg's mandate 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T66:00:00-04:00
Description: The main of the law enforcement officer Dmitro Kuleba Provitav Provitav Secretary General NATO єns ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' a9d2a5fc048a1cc18eca9d33b023c762.webp ']
Tags: ['ГЕНЕРАЛЬНИЙ СЕКРЕТАР НАТО', 'ДМИТРО КУЛЕБА', 'ЄНС СТОЛТЕНБЕРГ', 'НАТО']
Category: News
 Foreign Minister of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba congratulated NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg on the continuation of the mandate.
The head of Ukrainian diplomacy [wrote] about it(https://twitter.com/DmytroKuleba/status/1676168586530889728)Twitter.
“Hard times require strong leadership. Jens Stoltenberg demonstrated the same, ”the message reads.
Dmytro Kuleba noted that he is looking forward to further cooperation with him.
It is known that on July 4 NATO members agreed Continue the sedentary General of Jens Stoltenberg for another year, by October 1, 2024 .
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/vazhki-chasy-potrebuyut-sylnogo-liderstva-dmytro-kuleba-pryvitav-prodovzhennya-mandatu-yensa-stolterberga/ 
More than 300 explosive items were neutralized by pyrotechnics per day 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T67:00:00-04:00
Description: The last minute of the Kirotechnici Pilled Service of Ukraine was Zvozvichah ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last ones for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' rozminuvannya.jpg ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ДСНС УКРАЇНИ', 'ПІРОТЕХНІЧНІ ПІДРОЗДІЛИ', 'РОЗМІНУВАННЯ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
During the last day, the pyrotechnic units of the State Service of Ukraine of Uncertain Situations 146 times were involved in the implementation of the tasks.
About it reports SESU of Ukraine.
Pyrotechnical units found, seized and neutralized 321 explosive survey , surveyed an area of 42 hectares.
Most often pyrotechnic units worked: in the Kharkiv region 20 050 times, in Kyiv region - 8081, Donetsk region - 6429, Mykolaiv region - 5330, Kherson region - 6012, Chernihiv region - 4752, Sumy - 2239, Cherkasy region - 1138.
References O . In total, since the beginning of the large -scale military invasion of the Russian Federation in the territory of Ukraine, the 407 087 extinguishing objects and 2891 kg of explosive, including 30 43 aircraft No bombs **. The territory of more than 90 801 griest was surveyed.
A total of 174 thousand square meters remain. km of potentially dangerous territories, measuring 30% of the total area of the state.
We would like to remind you if you find suspicious objects similar to wreckage from rockets or rockets, in no case touch your finds yourself and do not allow it to be tired. And:
Immediately report the finding of the SES units - 101 or police - 102. Report experts and indicate the location of the suspicious name.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ponad-300-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zneshkodyly-pirotehniky-za-dobu-3/ 
Defense forces have knocked out an enemy from a number of positions in the Tavriya direction 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T68:00:00-04:00
Description: On the Tavriyskoye, the defense of the Ukrainian defended stole the enemy’s defense of the enemy ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 630_360_1663735718-305.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВІЙНА', 'ОЛЕКСАНДР ТАРНАВСЬКИЙ', 'ПІВДЕНЬ УКРАЇНИ', 'ТАВРІЙСЬКИЙ НАПРЯМОК']
Category: News
 In the Tavriysk direction, the Defense Forces of Ukraine advanced and the outstretch from a number of positions.
About it in his telegram reported Commander of the Tavriya Tavriya Generalolexander Tarnavsky.
Over the last day, the loss of the enemy killed and wounded constitutes almost three mouths. 36 units of enemy military equipment were also being erected.
"In particular, two tanks, nine BBM, two D-30 guns, four units of BM-21" Grad ", three Supercam UAVs, Lancet UAV, UAV" Orlan-10 ", two guns 2A36" Hyacint-b ", Garma 2C5 "Hyacinth-C", anti-aircraft missile complex "Archir-C", anti-aircraft missile system 9k330 "Thor", two self-propelled artillery installations2C3 "Acacia", station of ID and automobile equipment ",-the message reads.
Also, Ukrainian defenders destroyed two enemy ammunition and one point of administration.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/syly-oborony-vybyly-voroga-z-nyzky-pozyczij-na-tavrijskomu-napryamku/ 
Thank you for the support, share your values: Alexei Reznikov congratulated the US on Independence Day 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T69:00:00-04:00
Description: Mainstro defense of Ukraine Oleksiy Reznikov, by the departure of his American King Lloyd ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 358134417_719002453569442_3302633802770827775_n-e1688459261514.jpg ']
Tags: ['ДЕНЬ НЕЗАЛЕЖНОСТІ США', 'ЛЛОЙД ОСТІН', 'МІНІСТР ОБОРОНИ УКРАЇНИ', 'ОЛЕКСІЙ РЕЗНІКОВ', 'ОФІЦІЙНО', 'ПІДТРИМКА УКРАЇНИ', 'США']
Category: News
 The Minister of Defense of Ukraine Alexei Reznikov congratulated his American collegulloid Austin, the US Government and the entire American people on the Independence Day of the United States mandated for solidarity, adamant support and assistance.
The head of the defense department [wrote] about it(https://www.facebook.com/reznikovoleksii/posts/pfbid0u7nekHh3ULRBwuhcVJETsS6ZYoUvZQedgvEGqdeJakcTpyktdGSof42gJaegsW6cl)In his Facebook.
“The American people are one of the leaders of support of the Ukrainian people for their sovereignty. 247 years ago, the United States gained their right to be free, ”the message reads.
Oleksiy Reznikov stressed that today the United States is an example of democratic socialization based on the rule of law and high respect for the right -hand. He also specified that the same values are shared by Ukrainians who, with the right, defend their right to remain free.
“Most of these weapons are of American origin. Artillery, BMP and BBM, anti-tank missile systems, air defense systems, UAVs, missiles, mine equipment, night vision devices and many, many other times help us to approach the victory over Russian invaders, ”he will be in his post.
The Minister of Defense of Ukraine noted that any new security package for Ukraine is an investment in peace and security not only of our country but the democratic world.
“We are genuinely rejoicing and separating all the emotions of the US State Day. Realized, our friendly relations will continue to develop successfully. Peace, prosperity and success in your country!” - Alexei Reznikov wrote.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/dyakuyemo-za-pidtrymku-rozdilyayemo-vashi-czinnosti-oleksij-reznikov-pryvitav-ssha-z-dnem-nezalezhnosti/ 
Russian invaders destroyed 585 cultural infrastructure - MKIP 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T6:00:00-04:00
Description: The village for 26 worms 2023 Zbitkiv was arranged by 1582 ’cultural ilfrastructure, ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war, war With Ukraine in 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 358029834_582962920654599_4764260850840966688_n.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'ВОЄННІ ЗЛОЧИНИ ЗС РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'МІНІСТЕРСТВО КУЛЬТУРИ ТА ІНФОРМАЦІЙНОЇ ПОЛІТИКИ УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 As of June 26, 2023, 1582 of cultural infrastructure suffered losses, 585 of them were destroyed.
About it reports Ministry of Culture and Information Policy of Ukraine.
“The Ministry of Culture and Information Policy of Ukraine continues to fix the impact of cultural infrastructure in Ukraine as a result of Russian aggression. Thus, as of June 26, 2023, 1582 of the objecticultural infrastructure were damaged, without taking into account cultural heritage monuments. With them, we may have a third(585)- destroyed.
Over the last month, the total number of affected objects of cultural infrastructure has increased by 62, most of which fall in Kherson region(25 Officer or 40%)», - the message reads.
It is noted that cultural infrastructure suffered the greatest losses and losses of Donetsk, Kherson, Kharkiv, Kyiv, Mykolaiv, Zaporizhzhya Talugansk regions.
The largest group of cultural infrastructure objects that were damaged are club establishments. It is 48% of the total number of establishments that have suffered losses.
In general, they were injured:
club establishments - 755;
libraries - 598;
museums and galleries - 84;
Theaters and Philharmonic - 26;
Art education institutions - 119.
Classrooms, libraries, museums, theaters, Philharmonic, artistic education institutions have been damaged and destroyed(art schools and colleges)222 territorial communities. It is 15.1%of the territorial communities of Ukraine. In particular, Vinnytsia is 3%TG, Dnipropetrovsk - 17%, Donetsk - 87%, Zhytomyr - 12%, Transcarpathian - 2%, Zaporizhia - 33%, Kyiv - 29%, Luhansk - Lugansk - 42%, Lviv - 2%, Mykolaiv - 42%, Odessa - 4%, Sumy - 49%, Kharkiv - 36%, Kherson - 37%, Khmelnitsky - 5%, Cherkasy - 3%, Chernihiv - 14%of the oblasts and m m. . Kiev.
“At the same time, we emphasize that almost the entire territory of Lugansk and significant parts of the Treatoriums of Kherson, Zaporizhzhya and Donetsk regions are still inverted occupation. This makes it impossible to calculate the exact number of objects of cultural infrastructure affected in the course of hostilities and occupation, ”he said in the department.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/rosijski-okupanty-znyshhyly-585-obyektiv-kulturnoyi-infrastruktury-mkip/ 
In the case of a terrorist attack on the Apocalypse, there will be no contamination - expert 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T6:23:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:23:00+03:00
Description: The probable terrorist attack at the NPP will not lead to large -scale negative consequences, but radioactive contamination can occur, it will touch the territories around the ZPP. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16863... ']
Tags: ['Запорізька АЕС', 'Війна з Росією', 'Єдині новини']
Type: Article
 The probable therapeut of the ZPP will not lead to large -scale negative consequences, alradioactive contamination can occur, it will affect the territories around the ZPP.
About it on the air of the nationwide telephone "The only news" is the tellor of the physical and mathematical sciences, an expert on nuclear energy Ludviglitvinsky, Ukrinform reports.
"It all depends on the capacity of such an explosion, but above all - the apocalypse will not be. The worst situation will be better than what was due to the Chortnobyl accident. Because more than six months these reactors are stopped, and as a result - no short -lived radionuclides there," - said Litvinsky.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731532-u-razi-vibuhu-na-zaes-meskanci-zoni-radiacijnoi-avarii-maut-buti-gotovimi-do-evakuacii-moz.html)He noted that information on the use of potassium iodine is currently inconsistent with modern needs, and in many respects are outdated.
At the same time, he said, in the case of a terrorist attack on the NPP, radioactive contamination will still take place.
"The contamination will occur, the same well -known strontium spectrum, isotopes cesium. But the maximum consequences of even those who were in the air are the increase in the likelihood of cancer. That is, worse than after Chernobyl, there will be no exactly in Ukraine, "Litvinsky said.
Read also: in Energodar and Mariupoli noticed Russian mobile radiation laboratories The probable radioactive contamination of the territories, according to him, in the case of a terrorist area will be a few tens of kilometers from the ZPP.
"It is first and foremost about tens of km from the ZEP, as well as in the direction of the wind up to 1200-150 km from the ZPE. It is necessary to have protective masks for the respiratory organs. It is necessary to be in closed rooms with closed windows, " - said Lytvinsky. Read also: [painter about the probability of a terrorist attack on ZPE : no limits for Russia(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731477-malar-pro-jmovirnist-teraktu-na-zaes-nemae-mez-dla-bezumstva-rosii.html)As reported by Ukrinform, on March 4, 2022, the Russians seized the ZPP. On June 22, 20123, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced Russia's plans to arrange a terract at the station.
The Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Alexei Danilov reported that Ukraine is carefully preparing for any scenarios for the development of the events of the Zaporozhye NPP.
On June 30, the Main Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense reported that the Russian contingent gradually leaves the territory of the Zaporozhye nuclear power plant.
Read also: Armed Forces warn about the possible preparation of the Russians at the Zaporozhye NPP At the end of June 2023 in the Nikolaev, Kherson, Zaporizhzhia, Dnipropetrovsk regions, large -scale exercises of emergency services for the consequences of a possible terrorist attack at the ZPP.
On July 4, the Armed Forces of Ukraine officially warned about the possible preparation of Russian invaders of provocation at the Zaporizhzhia NPP.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731537-u-razi-teraktu-na-zaes-apokalipsisu-ne-bude-ale-trapitsa-zabrudnenna-ekspert.html 
Parliament has registered a law on the creation of a patronage service for veterans 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T70:00:00-04:00
Description: The Verkhovniy Radі of Ukraine has been dominated by the bill No. 9423 “About the Home Veteransku ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 1111.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВЕТЕРАНИ', 'ВЕТЕРАНСЬКА ПАТРОНАТНА СЛУЖБА', 'ВРУ', 'ПАТРОНАТНИЙ ПОМІЧНИК']
Category: News
 Photo illustrative
The Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine registered the Bill No. 9423 "About the State -Direct Patronage Service."
As noted in explanatory record To the document, to organize the process of post -war adaptation of demobilized by civil servants to civil life under the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine, they prompt to create a state veteran patronage service. It has been operating for 5 years on the basis of a state-volunteer partnership.
According to the legislative initiative, it is proposed to introduce institutepatronate assistants and identify their duties, namely them:
Particular attention should be paid to those defenders and defenders who will interpret after demobilization in difficult life circumstances.
The bill stipulates that the total number of employees of the service will establish 15 thousand people.
The organizational activity of patronage assistants will be provided by patronage workers - coaching. Each coach will become a curator of up to 100 patronage helpers.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/u-parlamenti-zareyestrovano-zakonoproyekt-zi-stvorennya-patronatnoyi-sluzhby-dlya-veteraniv/ 
The Prosecutor General's Office documented almost 114,000 crimes against Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T71:00:00-04:00
Description: OFIC General Prosecutor of Ukrainian, about the documentary of the cries, out of ... war with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 1-4.jpg ', ' 2-4.jpg ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВОЄННІ ЗЛОЧИНИ РФ', 'ОФІС ГЕНЕРАЛЬНОГО ПРОКУРОРА УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine reports Crimes committed during the period of large -scale aggression of Russian federation against Ukraine.
As of July 4, it is registered:
In addition, according to the official data of juvenile prosecutors, 1530 children were affected by the aggression of the Russian Federation, including:
The department emphasizes that these figures are not final, since work continues in their installation in places of active fighting, in temporarily occupied tangible territories.
 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ofis-generalnogo-prokurora-zadokumentuvav-majzhe-114-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-ukrayiny/ 
Involvement of "Wagner" for a new offensive by Belarus is unlikely - an expert 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T72:00:00-04:00
Description: Zaluchennya PIDRODILIV PVK “Wagner” for the new Netupu on Ukraine with the Teritor Bilorusi ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo_2023-07-04_14-19-04.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ПЕТРО ЧЕРНИК']
Category: News
 Photo by Andriy Suvorov
Involvement of units of Wagner PEC for a new offensive on Ukraine from the territory of Belarus is unlikely.
This opinion was expressed by a military analyst Colonel Petro Chernik during inclusion Military Media Center .
За його словами, на момент заколоту ця пвк, згідно з заявами, налічувала до 25тис. осіб і мала важке озброєння, яке наразі має повернутися у розпорядженняміноборони рф. При цьому, з огляду на торішній досвід для організації операційна цьому напрямку противник потребуватиме наявності щонайменше 40 тис. корпусуу супроводі 825 танків, 2,5 тис. бойових машин і щонайменше 1 тис. артсистем.
Крім того, враховуючи болотисту й лісову місцевість противнику, як і минулогоразу, доведеться рухатися дорогами, на яких ЗСУ вже навчилися зустрічатипротивника. До цього ж треба враховувати проведене Силами оборони мінуванняцього напрямку, яке подекуди сягає до 2 км глибини.
«Якщо вирішать рештки цього кримінального угруповання умогилити у наших лісах— ласкаво просимо», — резюмував експерт.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/zaluchennya-vagnerivcziv-dlya-novogo-nastupu-z-boku-bilorusi-malojmovirne-ekspert/ 
The Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces appointed a new chief of Odessa regional shopping center and JV 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T73:00:00-04:00
Description: ZSU General Valeriy Zaluliy, recognizing the head of the Deszkoy to Posad ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo_5269356755849169005_y-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВАЛЕРІЙ ЗАЛУЖНИЙ', 'ГОЛОВНОКОМАНДУВАЧ ЗС УКРАЇНИ', 'ОЛЕКСАНДР ОХРІМЕНКО', 'ТЦК ТА СП']
Category: News
 The Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, General Valery Zaluzhny, appointed the head of the Odessa Regional Territorial Center for Acquisition and Social Support Colonel Oleksandr Okhrimenko , which was still a component of the 14th-family mechanized brigade named after Prince Roman the Great.
About this it is referred on the telegram-page of the Armed Forces.
"To the post of chief of the Odessa Regional Territorial Center for Completing and Social Support, he appointed one of the best military commander," his post reads.
Valery Zaluzhny added that Oleksandr Okhrimenko is a combat officer who knows thearmia from the inside, clearly understands the needs on the front and repeatedly demonstrated the assignment of military affairs and homeland.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/golovnokomanduvach-zsu-pryznachyv-novogo-nachalnyka-odeskogo-oblasnogo-tczk-ta-sp/ 
The shelling of the Russian Army of Pervomaisky in Kharkiv region: 31 persons were injured, 9 children were injured 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T74:00:00-04:00
Description: Sogodnі, 4 sticks, about 13:35 Rosіyskі Portanti healthy the chergo attack on the Kharkivshchini .... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when and when , The war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' mceu-90715263851688474366844.jpg ', ' mceu-97325291211688474305274-150x150.jpg ', ' mceu-25532068621688474327668-150x150.jpg ', ' mceu-96542849161688474378642-150x150.jpg ', ' mceu-8495131931688474338667-150x150.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВОРОЖІ ОБСТРІЛИ', 'ПЕРВОМАЙСЬКИЙ', 'ХАРКІВСЬКИЙ ТРИБУНАЛ']
Category: News
 Today, on July 4, at 13:35 Russian invaders carried out another terrorist attack of Nakarkiv region. They inflicted an air strike on a residential quarter in the 6-Mumicrone of the city of Pervomaisky Lozovsky district.
About it reports The State Service of Ukraine of Ordinary Situations.
“As a result of the attack, according to the data, 31 persons were injured on the parking lot nearby Zhitlova, of them-9 children were injured. There were several cars from the explosive, which there were fires, ”the testimony said.
!(Images/AРМІЯINFORM/2023-07-04T74-00-00-04-00/mceu-97325291211688474305274-150x150.jpg) 
 
 
 3 fire and rescue units are involved in the elimination of the consequences of this event.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/obstril-armiyeyu-rf-pervomajskogo-na-harkivshhyni-poraneno-31-osobu-z-nyh-9-ditej/ 
During the day, more than 118 settlements of Ukraine were fired, the dead and wounded were fired 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T75:00:00-04:00
Description: The last passes of the Rosiyski -binge -bie -tie, the fraud of 9 regions ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' e968f05b-8938-4dc8-8115-1d13e60a390a.jpg ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ОБСТРІЛИ ІНФРАСТРУКТУРИ', 'ОБСТРІЛИ РФ']
Category: News
 During the last day, Russian occupation troops fired at the territory of 9 region of Ukraine.
About it reports Military Mediacenter.
From different types of weapons - artillery, RSZV, UAV, tactical aviation - 118 settlements and 37 infrastructure sites were dachaned.
There are killed and injured among civilians, the number of victims is clarified.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/vprodovzh-doby-okupaty-obstrilyaly-ponad-118-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-ye-zagybli-j-poraneni/ 
Due to the events at the Zaporozhye NPP Ukraine intensifies the state border in the north 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T76:00:00-04:00
Description: At the Zv'yazku, the residual of the reservation of the nuclear atomic boule is brought by the RISHENNYA ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 are the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' bez-imeni-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['ДЕРЖАВНИЙ КОРДОН', 'ЗАПОРІЗЬКА АЕС', 'СЕРГІЙ НАЄВ']
Category: News
 In connection with the recent events around the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Station, a decision was made to strengthen the northern border of our country as a personnel and combat equipment.
About it reports Commander of the United Forces forces of Ukraine Lieutenant General Sergey Naev in a telegram.
He stressed that the work in this direction has not stopped since the enemy has been picked up from the north, and is still ongoing.
"Anti -tank barriers are being built, the mine fields are equipped with the entire line of defense," - said Sergei Naev.
He also noted that the work of Ukrainian intelligence is quite effective.
“We have studied the enemy well and have a clear situation on his plans. Ourios have passed combat coordination and are ready to destroy anyone who encroach the territory, ”the commander summarized.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/cherez-podiyi-na-zaporizkij-aes-ukrayina-posylyuye-derzhavnyj-kordon-na-pivnochi/ 
The invader holds in the Black Sea one rocket carrier with eight "caliber" 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T77:00:00-04:00
Description: At the Chorny Morce on the Boyal Cherguvanni, Illuminaries are excited by 9 thief shipbuilders, the yard of the Yakiki 1 nose ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war, and when, war With Ukraine in 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' rosijskyj-korabel-raketonosij.jpg ', ' 0b1b7bf8-607b-4dad-a153-e29c5f794db1.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВМС', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
In the Black Sea, there are 9 enemy ships on the battle duty, medium -sized 1 carpet carriers "Caliber", total volley 8 rockets.
About it reports The press service of the Navy of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
*!
 The Russian Federation continues to violate the International Convention on the Protection of Human Life in 1974.(SOLAS)by turning off automatic identification systems(AIS), Nazi vessels in the Azov Sea. 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/zagarbnyk-trymaye-v-chornomu-mori-odyn-raketonosij-z-vismoma-kalibramy/ 
Explosions in the Crimea will stop when the raciers go away from - GUR 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T78:00:00-04:00
Description: Vibuhi in Timchasovo by the perpreted Crim, Sviz, Sho Yogo Zvilnnnya to get closer. About ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' yusov-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГУР МО УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 Explosions in the temporarily occupied Crimea show that its release is being released.
About it in ether The only news was said by the representative of the Main Department of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine Andriy Yusov.
He also added that GUR may state that the peace and lack of explosions of Crimea will be when Russian invaders go away from there.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/vybuhy-u-krymu-prypynyatsya-koly-rashysty-zvidty-pidut-get-gur/ 
The Armed Forces during the offensive can release a large part of the occupied territories - a military expert 
Author: ['Антон Печерський']
Time: 2023-07-04T79:00:00-04:00
Description: Strimanies who are optimized by the Joo can be visible to the Jacorto -Kilki Timchasovo Jacobo ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine will be in 2022 Or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' photo_2023-07-04_14-19-04.jpg ']
Tags: ['MILITARY MEDIA CENTER', 'ВИНИЩУВАЧІ F-16', 'НОВИНИ']
Category: News
 Photo by Andriy Suvorov
Restrained optimism about the ability to free up as many times captured by the Russian occupiers of the Ukrainian territories as a state analyst Petro Chernik.
During online exclusion in Military Mediacenter He noted that this should happen during the called dry weather cycle.
At the same time, according to the expert, the old line of demarcation by February 24, 2022 is a serious obstacle to the offensive of the Ukrainian Yavsk.
In view of this, the analyst emphasized the need to supply Ukraine from F-16 aircraft and AGM-158 Jassm missiles, AGM-154 glider bombs in all the entire weapons nomenclature provided for this aircraft platform of the base, which has 105 units.
MGM-140atacms land base is also required. According to the expert, the issue of providing Ukraine with these rockets is in the process of solving and is only when it is and how much they come.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/zsu-pid-chas-nastupu-mozhut-zvilnyty-znachnu-ploshhu-okupovanyh-terytorij-vijskovyj-ekspert/ 
Russia changes tactics to slow down the counter -offensive of the Armed Forces - the Ministry of Defense of Britain 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T7:31:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:31:00+03:00
Description: Russia resorts to excessive mines of the terrain, as well as purposeful search and destruction of Ukrainian armored vehicles to slow down the counter -offset of the Armed Forces, instead of the Russian Federation continue to suffer losses and lack of ammunition. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16879... ']
Tags: ['Британія', 'Міноборони', 'ЗСУ', 'Війна з Росією', 'Контрнаступ']
Type: Article
 It is grown to the excessive mining of the terrain, as well as purposeful search for the destruction of Ukrainian armored vehicles to slow down the counter -offset of the Armed Forces, but instead the forces of the Russian Federation continue to suffer losses and lack of ammunition.
This is stated in the report of the British Ministry of Defense on the situation of the in Ukraine, posted on the official Twitter-page Office, reports Ukrinform.
"In recent weeks, Russia has identified priorities and improved tactics aimed at slowing down the counter -offensive operations of Ukrainian armored vehicles in the south of Ukraine," the publication said.
Read also: British Admiral commented on the course of Ukrainian contrast 
The basis of this approach was too intensive use of Russia's anti -tank.
"In some areas, the density of minefields indicates that it probably has used a lot more mines than it is provided by its military doctrine," was in the British department.
Read also: Russia uses a dense mining to slow down the Armed Forces in the south - Britain intelligence 
In addition, Russia has used the tactics of strokes on Ukrainian armored vehicles with UAV, as well as helicopters and artillery.
“Although Russia has achieved some success with this approach in early herds counter -offensive Ukraine, its forces continue to suffer from key disadvantages, in particular, stretched units, as well as lack of artillery ammunition, ” -is confirmed in the publication.
 
As reported by Ukrinform, the forces of Ukraine's defense continue to conduct the offensive operation in the Melitopol and Berdyansk directions, are fixed by the overwhelming boundaries, inflict fire lesions from artillery on the detected purpose.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731540-rosia-zminue-taktiku-sob-upovilniti-kontrnastup-zsu-minoboroni-britanii.html 
Deportation of more than 1,700 people from Kherson region - the exclusive of the Kherson colony raised suspicion 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T80:00:00-04:00
Description: For the proprietary Kerivnitvva of the Kherson -Obli -Prosecutor's Office to the Kolishnyom chief ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the war with Ukraine 2022 last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine will be either in 2022 No, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 630_360_1579111590-432.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ОФІС ГЕНПРОКУРОРА УКРАЇНИ', 'ХЕРСОН']
Category: News
 Photo illustrative
Under the procedural leadership of the Kherson Regional Prosecutor's Office, the former head of Northern Correctional Colony No. 90 was informed in absentia of the suspicion by the facts of deportation and forced movement of more than 1700 people.
About it reports The Prosecutor General's Office.
According to the investigation, the suspect switched to the bikvorog from the first days of occupation. Subsequently, he embraced the pseudo -office of the so -called "Head of the Department of Passing Officer, was ordered in the Kherson region."
It is noted that during October-November 2022, by order of the establishment of penalties of the Kherson region and the Snihuriv colony of the Nikolaev region, with the use of coercion in special institutions, located in the Russian Federation and temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine, more than 1700 persons.
Currently, the place of residence is 43 exported, the fate of others remains unknown.
Pre -trial investigation - SUNP in the Kherson region.
We will remind, at the end of 2022 prosecutors in the order of special pre -trial investigation sent to court an indictment against this ZhExscreen of the colony on the fact of state betrayal(Part 2 of Art. 111 of the Criminal Code of Ukraine).
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/deportacziya-ponad-1700-osib-iz-hersonshhyny-ekskerivnyku-hersonskoyi-koloniyi-vysunuto-pidozru-u-porushenni-zakoniv-ta-zvychayiv-vijny/ 
Alexei Reznikov congratulated police officers on a professional holiday 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T81:00:00-04:00
Description: Miniter defense of Ukraine Oleksiy Reznikov, Privitav Succini, National National Politziy ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 358104799_719046283565059_6046380342450710256_n-e1688469230654.jpg ']
Tags: ['НАЦПОЛІЦІЯ', 'ОЛЕКСІЙ РЕЗНІКОВ', 'ОФІЦІЙНО', 'ПРИВІТАННЯ']
Category: News
 The Minister of Defense of Ukraine Oleksiy Reznikov congratulated his brothers from the National Police on a professional holiday.
About this it is referred In the message of the head of the Defense Office of Ukraine on Facebook.
“This is another opportunity to thank you for your difficult and responsible work: protecting the life and rest of Ukrainians, combating crime, contributing to the state's defense of the forefront and investigating military crimes committed by Russia. You are a friendly and gonna shoulder for all components of Ukraine's defense forces, ”he reads.
He thanked women and men from the bench of the National Police for service and devotion.
“Together we are great power!Let's win!Glory to Ukraine!" He wrote.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/oleksij-reznikov-pryvitav-policzejskyh-iz-profesijnym-svyatom/ 
Defense forces have inflicted 13 beats in the enemy's concentration areas 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T82:00:00-04:00
Description: Yak will be embraced at the General Staff, the Avіiazi forces of defense for the Dobe took ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine In 2022 it will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 630_360_1683907349-208.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ', 'ОБОРОНА УКРАЇНИ', 'ХРОНІКА ОБОРОНИ']
Category: News
 Photo illustrative
🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
As indicated In the Construction of the General Staff, the aviation of defense forces per day caused 13 strikes in the areas of concentration of the enemy personnel, 3-on anti-aircraft missile complexes, 1-at the enemy management point.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/syly-oborony-zavdaly-13-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/ 
Why does the occupying power in the south carry out forced certification - an explanation of Anna Malyar 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T83:00:00-04:00
Description: At Timchasovo of the Teritaeraei of the Zaporizoko regions of the Rosiyska regions ... War with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last ones today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine will be in 2022 Or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 5f9a1034.jpg ']
Tags: ['ГАННА МАЛЯР', 'ПРИМУСОВА ПАСПОРТИЗАЦІЯ', 'РОСІЙСЬКА ОКУПАЦІЯ', 'ХЕРСОНЩИНА']
Category: News
 Gannamaars. Photo: Nazar Voloshin / Armyinform
In the temporarily occupied territories of Zaporizhzhya and Kherson regions, Russian occupation authorities have very low support among the population.
About it wrote Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Anna Malyar in Telegrams.
"That is why the pace of certification is extremely low and that is why the occupation authorities are forcibly to carry out the passportization," she said.
Recall that the Russian Federation uses The difficult situation of Ukrainians through the flooding of temporary -heated territories of Kherson region for forced certification.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/chomu-okupaczijna-vlada-na-pivdni-zdijsnyuye-prymusovu-pasportyzacziyu-rozyasnennya-ganny-malyar/ 
There are no boundaries that the Russian Federation has gone in her madness - Anna Malyar on a possible blasting 
Author: ['Оксана Іванець']
Time: 2023-07-04T84:00:00-04:00
Description: - Mi Povvni Rosumіti, Cho is not the Boti of the Hod, Iiluziy Stosovo Rosіysko So ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' sili-oboroni-ukraini-prodovzhuyut-vedennya-nastupalnoi-operacii.jpg ']
Tags: ['ГАННА МАЛЯР', 'НОВИНИ']
Category: News
 - We need to understand that there can be no illusions regarding Russian federation. Thus, in the Emergenation of the Teleterna, "The One News" responded to the questionman about the possible undermining of the occupiers of the ZBES Deputy Minister of Defense Painter.
According to the Deputy Minister of Defense, there are no limits that Russian federation in his madness would not go.
-Therefore, it is important that all Ukrainians are morally ready to blast the ZPP, as well as how to act in any situation. We simply have no other way out. But we are strong and we will overcome everything!- said Deputy Minister of Defense.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/nemaye-mezh-na-yaki-b-ne-pishla-rosijska-federacziya-u-svoyemu-bezumstvi-ganna-malyar-shhodo-mozhlyvogo-pidryvu-zaes-okupantamy/ 
Anna Malyar: Thanks to the American people for HIMARS who have become a weapon of victory for Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T85:00:00-04:00
Description: The intercessor of Ministra defense Ukrainian Ganna Malelar, the American people in the afternoon ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' golovna-38.jpg ']
Tags: ['HIMARS', 'ГАННА МАЛЯР']
Category: News
 Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Anna Malyar, greeting the American people by the US independence, thanked for the unchanged support, which helps him to elevate freedom, destroy the enemy and protect common values.
She wrote about it in telegrams .
«Одним із найпотужніших проявів підтримки є M142 HIMARS — реактивна системазалпового вогню американського виробництва, розроблена наприкінці 90-х якполегшена колісна версія М270. У своєму арсеналі HIMARS має чималу кількістьрізних боєприпасів: від звичайних некерованих, до високоточних балістичнихракет з GPS навігацією», — зазначила заступник Міністра оборони.
Боєприпаси та дальність їх ураження: 
MLRS — 45 км;
GMLRS — 70 км;
ER GMLRS — 150 км;
ATACMS — 300 км експериментальна ракета;
PrSM — 499 км.
«Поява американських "Хаймарсів" в червні 2022 року стала неприємноюнесподіванкою для російських військових. Виявилось, що всі логістичні шляхи,склади з боєприпасами та місця дислокації військ перебувають в зоні ураженняреактивної системи», — наголосила вона.
Злякавшись та відчувши перші величезні втрати, як зазначила Ганна Маляр,окупанти почали полювання на HIMARS'и.
«Але й досі нікого й не впіймали. Завдяки максимальній швидкості 85 км/годHIMARS здатна розгорнутися, відстрілятися та покинути позицію менш ніж за 1хв. Це дає змогу застосовувати її для тактики shoot-and-scoot (Shoot-and-Tikai)which significantly reduces the chances of being revealed and amazed by the enemy, ” - the addctor of the Minister of Defense of Ukraine.
Anna Malyar Navala known cases of HIMARS:
“For Ukrainian military, Himars have become a real weapon of victory. After all, "one rocket is one destroyed goal" is an unattainable result for outdated Soviet counterparts, "Anna Malyar summarized.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ganna-malyar-dyakuyemo-amerykanskomu-narodu-za-himars-yaki-staly-dlya-ukrayiny-zbroyeyu-peremogy/ 
The invaders are preparing provocation for the NPPs in the near future – General Staff 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T86:00:00-04:00
Description: Zbroinі STOLESTY OF OFISHINOMENINE OF THE DOCTION OF THE PIDGOTOTH, NUBLIZHAKH, ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' 2aaada.jpeg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ', 'ЗАЕС', 'НЕБЕЗПЕКА ПІДРИВУ ЗАЕС']
Category: News
 Photo illustrative
The Armed Forces of Ukraine officially report the possible training, in the near future, provocations in the territory of the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant, occupied by Russian terrorists since March 4, 2022 - says on the official page of the General of the General of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
It is noted that according to operational information, today, on the external rock and fourth units of the ZPP, there were foreign objects similar to explosive devices.
The Armed Forces of Ukraine do not violate the rules of international humanitarian law, monitor and control the situation and are ready to act under any conditions. No provocation of the enemy will pass. 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/rashysty-gotuyut-provokacziyu-na-zaes-vzhe-najblyzhchym-chasom-genshtab/ 
Greetings to the President of Ukraine to the American people on US Independence Day 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T87:00:00-04:00
Description: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzmrt_kkhf8 Dorogi American!I am the same as a nyrub ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine will be or not, it will be or not, it will be whether the war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: []
Tags: ['ВОЛОДИМИР ЗЕЛЕНСЬКИЙ', 'ДЕНЬ НЕЗАЛЕЖНОСТІ США']
Category: News
_ Dear Americans!_ 
I congratulate you on the best day that life can reward any nation that has reiterated for the sake of freedom-I congratulate you on Independence Day!
Only bold get independence, and only the best of the bold ones are able to convey freedom from generation to generation. To pass, increasing its boundaries, the limits of how protected the life of each person, every community and all Ukraine. But increasing hope - hope for others on earth, that they will also become free and that their freedom will also become a precious heritage for their children and grandchildren.
Almost two and a half centuries America is the land of the free and the house of the brave, which attracts people from all over the world and seek higher. Darkness is disenfranchised, freedom once shines. Being an ally of such a cuteness, such courage and such freedom is an honor for us.
Ukrainian courage acquires American weapons and protects democracy, which we value with you equally. The Ukrainian freedom, with your support, has fallen a new powerful flame in our part of Europe, which will not go away that tyranny will never pass Europe again, and therefore Europe will not need the participation of your soldiers in bloody battles for freedom. The Aukrain Dream to live freely when it is crowned with a victory in the brutal invested war, launched by Russia, will give fresh energy to American leadership. The world sees the world as clearly as possible: who with Ukraine is the same. And after our victory, the world is convinced again: who appreciates freedom - it always wins.
Happy July 4, American!And please remember that you can always count on the Ukrainian Union in the Coalition of Free.
Glory to Ukraine! 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/vitannya-prezydenta-ukrayiny-amerykanskomu-narodovi-z-dnem-nezalezhnosti-ssha/ 
Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a telephone conversation with NATO Secretary General 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T88:00:00-04:00
Description: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky Zelensmov Rozmov with General Secretary ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 Will it be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' eb20a313d25c56f0b0d930d7d2eccbc8_1688490778_extra_large.jpeg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВОЛОДИМИР ЗЕЛЕНСЬКИЙ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ЄНС СТОЛТЕНБЕРГ', 'НАТО']
Category: News
 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky had a telephone conversation with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg on the eve of NATO Vilnius Summit.
About it reports Office of the President of Ukraine.
The Head of State congratulated Jens Stoltenberg on the decision of the Alliance to continue the termination of his powers as the Secretary -General of NATO for another year. The president expressed his hope for continuation of fruitful cooperation.
At the same time, the Head of State thanked the Jens Stoltenberg for the permanent personal asyls to support Ukraine's Euro -Atlantic aspirations.
Also, during the conversation, both sides coordinated the positions of the NATO predicate.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/volodymyr-zelenskyj-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-generalnym-sekretarem-nato/ 
Denis Shmigal: In the priority of the army, economy, recovery 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T89:00:00-04:00
Description: Vistupyuchi in the Zavodanni in the Union of Prem'r-Minіnі-Minіnayan Denis Schmigal surpassed Perevilk ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' thumb_202554_820_360_0_0_auto.jpg ']
Tags: ['АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВІДНОВЛЕННЯ', 'ЕКОНОМІКА', 'НОВИНИ']
Category: News
 Speaking at a government meeting, Prime Minister of Ukraine Denis Shmigal outlined The list of main tasks, quality before state institutions and people. In particular, he emphasized that the main efforts of the government are aimed at three main assemblies: providing our army with everything necessary, ensuring the macro -financial stability and sustainability of the economy, rapid recovery. Denis Schmigal also noted that the main source of funding for a quick renewal is the Fund for the Elimination of the Consequences of Armed Aggression. It accumulated UAH 62 billion, of which UAH 23.7 billion has already been distributed for reconstruction. - Today we make a decision to allocate almost UAH 5.3 billion for the restoration of the regions: Vinnytsia, Dnipropetrovsk, Zhytomyr, Kyiv, Kirovograd, Odessa, Poltava, Sumy, Cherkasy and Chernihiv, - Denis Shmigal said
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/denys-shmygal-v-prioryteti-armiya-ekonomika-vidnovlennya/ 
Questions have arisen while passing VLK - call the hotline 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T8:00:00-04:00
Description: Kabіnet Min) Up, hardening the plan for the departure of the process of processes ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine will be in 2022 Or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' image.png ']
Tags: ['ВЛК', 'МСЕК', 'ПОРАНЕНІ', 'ТУРБОТА']
Category: News
 The Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine approved a plan of measures to optimize process-medical-medical examination for 2023, through which the military personnel will hold the proper and fast service of the VLK. Also reduced to health care institutions in the Ministry of Defense System, other components of defense forces and communal health care institutions.
If you have any questions when you pass the VLK, here is a list of hotlines to be called:
Information support of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces on the issues of receiving the direction of treatment, passing the VLK, obtaining social guarantees, procedure for the dissemination of decisions of the VLC and other issues. 0 800 500 442 #### Command of the Medical Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 
Medical Support for Armed Forces of Armed Forces (044)522 83 58 ##### Armed Forces of the Armed Forces 
Information support of the TRU forces of the Armed Forces on the issues of receiving treatment, the passage of VLK, obtaining social guarantees, procedures for appealing decisions of VLK and other issues. 0 800 507 028 ##### Ministry of Health of Ukraine 
Support of servicemen on the passage of MSEC, VLK in civilian health care, admission of complaints about maintenance at civilian health facilities. 0 800 60 20 19 ##### Ministry of Veterans of Ukraine 
Support for war veterans +38(063)227-14-27 (on setting status and social protection); +38(063)035-54-68 (on psychological assistance, rehabilitation, education)##### ** National Information Bureau for Prisoners
Support for prisoners of war, forcibly deported and missing persons +38(044)287-81-65 (Calls from abroad)##### Government Contact Center 
The Government of the Government of Ukraine 1545 - General Government Hotline 1545 (of IVR KNOPS 9)- "hotline" on veterans and their families
Source: Site Care 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/vynykly-pytannya-pry-prohodzhenni-vlk-telefonuj-na-garyachu-liniyu/ 
Ermak and US Ambassador visited an exhibition dedicated to Ukraine's struggle with Russian aggression 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T8:35:38+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:35:38+03:00
Description: On the occasion of the Independence Day of the United States of America, the head of the Presidential Office Andriy Ermak, together with representatives of political, diplomatic, public and business circles of the United States, visited the National Museum of Ukrainian History in the Second World War. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['США', 'Єрмак', 'Бріджит Брінк']
Type: Article
 On the occasion of the Independence of the United States of America, the Head of the Presidential Office of Ukraine Iremak, together with representatives of political, diplomatic, public and business circles of the United States, visited the National Museum of Ukrainian History in the Second War.
About it reports Presidential Office press service , reports Ukrinform.
"Guests got acquainted with the exhibition" Ukraine - Crucifixion "about the invading war against Ukraine and the indomitableness of our country. Andriy Yermak and US Ambassador in Ukraine Bridget Brinka, together with other participants of the meeting, examined, in particular, new expositions for assistance from Ukraine in the US in the Liberation War. Anti -Russian invaders, " - the message reads.
*!(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731497-grupa-ermakamakfola-predstavila-novij-dokument-sodo-posilenna-sankcij-proti-rosijskogo-vpk.html)In the presented photos, among other things, the most modern American technique, which effectively helps to defeat the Russian army in battle, has become part of modern Ukrainian folklore. These are primarily Patriot anti-aircraft missile systems, Himars volley fire systems, Gubitsim777, portable Javelin and Styinger anti-aircraft missile complexes, Bradley combat vehicles, caterpillars M113, Hummer.
One of the stands presents personal belongings of the US citizen who fought the complications of the Armed Forces of Ukraine during a full -scale war with the Russian Federation.
One of the central elements of the exhibition is the American flag, presented by the president Vladimir Zelensky in the Congress during the speech of the head of the Ukrainian state in December 2022. Along with it is a flag of Ukraine from Azovstal, which is a symbol of heroism and indomitable Ukrainians during this time.
Read also: peace in Europe is only possible after Ukraine's victory - Ermak Turning to those present after the exposition, Andrei Yermak said that for the other, it is a great honor to be at this event with American partners, which celebrate the Independence Day of America, very important for them.The head of the Presidential Office noted that today millions of Ukrainians know HIMARS and Patriot, because this weapon helps to maintain the lives of our citizens and inspires to continue the struggle.
Read also: Ukraine will be ready to discuss long -term regulation after the withdrawal of Russian troops - Ermak “We will fight to our victory. And I am sure that it will be a common victory for Ukraine and the US. Because we are fighting for common values, for the independence of Isvoboda, ”Andriy Yermak is convinced.
The head of the head of state also gave the museum commemorative coins made by the historical speech of the President of Ukraine in the US Congress at the end of 2022.
Representatives of the Defense Forces presented Bridget Brynk Flag of Ukraine with inscriptions made by the Ukrainian military, as well as presented chevrons of their units.
Read also: BRINK congratulated Ukrainians on the Constitution Day I was supported in US support For its part, the Ambassador of the United States noted that on Independence Day, USAments remember their freedom fighters.
“And everyone who is here today, diplomats and representatives of the business community are convinced that Ukrainians will win in their fight. We will stay with you until you will not win, ”she added.
The Ukrainian military attendees expressed gratitude to the United States and the whole American Narode for the strong support of Ukraine in these difficult times.
Photo: op
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731541-ermak-ta-posol-ssa-vidvidali-vistavku-prisvacenu-borotbi-ukraini-z-rosijskou-agresieu.html 
The Ministry of Health reminded the actions in the event of a radiation accident 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T90:00:00-04:00
Description: “The Vibuhu is Vybuhu on the ZaESh Potskantsi Potziye zone of the radiya -Avari Mayut booty ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the war with Ukraine 2022 is the last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with In 2022, Ukraine will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' zaes.jpg ']
Tags: ['НЕБЕЗПЕКА ПІДРИВУ ЗАЕС', 'НОВИНИ']
Category: News
 “In the event of an explosion at the NPP, the residents of the potential zone of radiation accident should be to be evacuated. If the authorities have officially notified the propositional accident, stay indoors or get the premises as soon as possible. Follow the subsequent messages and follow the instructions, ” - said in message Ministry of Health.
In the ministry, they advise to prepare a suitcase or a backpack in case of evacuation. In particular, it is necessary to collect documents and their copies(Documents certifying the person, medical documents, legal documents certifying the right of ownership of movable and immovable property, contacts); face mask or respirator.
You also need to prepare a first aid kit and a weekly stock of medicines(If you have chronic diseases), wet wipes, variable clothing and shoes, minimal water and food.
Tightly wrap a suitcase or a baking with a food film or adhesive tape. This will greatly help the process of decontamination in sanitary posts.
The Ministry of Health emphasizes that people in the area of radiation accident have to leave buildings only after appropriate instructions of the authorities.
“Local authorities will report the location of evacuation points, as well as the most safe routes of movement if you will evacuate your own vehicle. Follow the instructions and keep calm, ”the testimony reads.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/u-moz-nagadaly-pro-diyi-u-razi-radiaczijnoyi-avariyi/ 
Our art struck the area of concentration of living power, weapons and military equipment of the enemy 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T91:00:00-04:00
Description: About the General Headquarters of the ZS Ukrainian. - PIDRODILI of the rocket launches I ... The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine will be or not, will be or not, it will be. whether the war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 65_news_big-v1684556819.webp ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ', 'ОБОРОНА УКРАЇНИ', 'ХРОНІКА ОБОРОНИ УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 Photo Illustrative 🔥Setation on Russian invasion 
About it reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/nasha-arta-urazyla-rajon-zoseredzhennya-zhyvoyi-syly-ozbroyennya-ta-vijskovoyi-tehniky-protyvnyka/ 
Germany and Denmark will pass the Leopard tanks to Ukraine 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T92:00:00-04:00
Description: About the Controlle -Service of Cindlelings of the Narodnoye, the Ukrainian’s Facebook by his Facebook: President ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News Today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last ones today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' leopard.jpg ']
Tags: ['LEOPARD 1A5', 'НОВИНИ', 'ТАНКИ ДЛЯ УКРАЇНИ']
Category: News
 About it reports Ukraine's external intelligence service in its Facebook:
European Council President Charles Michelle stated that Ukraine stands in the struggle for European principles and values, so the EU's duty to do everything possible to maintain it for as long as it will be needed.
The German Minister of Defense Boris Pistorius urges to accelerate the launch of the LEOPARD 2 tanks at Poland. At the same time, Pistoria reported that Germany, together with Denmark, will hand over to Ukraine several tens of Leopard 1A5 "in the coming weeks".
The head of the NATO Military Committee Admiral Rob Bauer believes that the counter -offensive of Ukraine is difficult because of mine fields and other obstacles, but Ukrainian troops are right when they are cautious.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/nimechchyna-i-daniya-peredadut-ukrayini-tanky-leopard/ 
Drunk racists are systematically mocked by local residents in Donetsk region 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T93:00:00-04:00
Description: About the General Headquarters of the ZS Ukrainian. - Timchasovo by the perpetual populated ... War with Ukraine 2022, war with Ukraine latest news today, news war with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine will be or not, it will be or not, it will be, or not, it will be whether the war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' chmobyky.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГШ ЗСУ']
Category: News
 Illustrative photo
🔥 Situation on Russian invasion 
About it reports The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/pyani-rashysty-systematychno-znushhayutsya-z-misczevyh-meshkancziv-na-donechchyni/ 
At a summit in Vilnius NATO will make changes to the Alliance Planning System 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T94:00:00-04:00
Description: US President Joe Bayden I Yogo Kohli on NATO at Samiti at VILNUSI MAYT NUIR SCALITIS ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when The war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' nato-1-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['ДЖО БАЙДЕН', 'НОВИНИ', 'ПІВНІЧНОАТЛАНТИЧНИЙ АЛЬЯНС']
Category: News
 US President Joe Biden and his NATO colleagues at the Vilnius summit have a namor to approve changes in the Alliance Planning System. This is stated in message Foreign intelligence services of Ukraine.
According to new plans, NATO seeks to have up to 300,000 servicemen ready to relocate to the eastern flank for 30 days. The plans divide the Alliance's territory into three zones - the far north and the Atlantic, the area to the north of Valp and another zone in the south of Europe. Currently, about 40,000 -military servicemen are in a state of readiness - from Estonia in northern Darumunia on the Black Sea. Every day, about 1,100 aircraft rise into the sky above the territory, and 27 military ships operate in the Baltic and Mediterranean seas.
Austria will join the European initiative to protect the Air Space "Heavenly Shield".
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/na-samiti-u-vilnyusi-nato-vnese-zminy-u-systemu-planuvannya-alyansu/ 
“Our results: we move on, the enemy is no” - Anna Malyar 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T95:00:00-04:00
Description: The intercessor of the defense of the defense of Ganna Malelar boiled the situation on the LINI ROZMEZHUvannya. ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' malyar-ganna-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ', 'ГАННА МАЛЯР']
Category: News
 Deputy Minister of Defense Anna Malyar commented on the situation on the line of separation.
She also noted that in all directions, our defense forces intensively destroyed the confidential capacity of the enemy army. According to her, destroyed points of management, personnel, equipment and weapons are all that was planned to be used against us, but it will not work.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/nashi-rezultaty-my-prosuvayemos-vorog-ni-ganna-malyar/ 
The world sees that the only source of danger to the Zaporizhzhya NPP is Russia itself - the President of Ukraine's appeal 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T96:00:00-04:00
Description: https://youtu.be/mch0dw1jr6a healthy ’, Shanovni Ukrainian, Ukrainian!Puppy ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine In the near future they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: []
Tags: ['ВІДЕОЗВЕРНЕННЯ ПРЕЗИДЕНТА УКРАЇНИ', 'ВОЛОДИМИР ЗЕЛЕНСЬКИЙ', 'НОВИНИ']
Category: News
_ I wish health, dear Ukrainians, Ukrainian women!_ 
He has just completed the conversation with Mr. French President Macron, and this is the third international negotiations for today-after talking to the Secretary-General and the Prime Minister of Sweden. The main thing is our defense, front, weapons, the capabilities of our warriors, and I am grateful to partners for understanding our needs. We have argued for new defensive packages, and, by the way, thank you, Emmanuel, for something today, and weapons, which we agreed, started to come with something. , Rockets, tanks.
But, of course, they talked about more strategic things today - about which the security foundation of Europe will be after this war and our victory.
In order for the world to come faster and to be long, honest, true, Russian evil must not be the line for the Kremlin's ambitions. It is we who are all free European nations, all in our Euro-Atlantic community, not Russian terrorists and any of their blackmail and aggression.
We add the content of the NATO summit daily to take place in Vilnius of the Venan Week, and I am grateful to all our partners who work together with the Alliance Strengthening, and therefore, for security in Europe, real security in Europe. Today, talking to France, with the Prime Minister of Sweden and See and General, coordinated our steps in front of Vilnius.
He also held several meetings with government officials and our team of office internationals on training for foreign policy activities that will take place in the near future.
It is very important - about the situation at the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant. Now all the light is conscious that the common safety depends entirely on global consumption to the actions of the occupiers at the station. Russia must be clearly aware: it is a light to which scripts are preparing for terrorists, and the world is ready to react.
Radiation is a threat to all in the world, and the nuclear power plant must be completely supported from any radiation incidents. Today, exactly 16 months, as Russian military, fully control the territory and structures of the Zaporozhye NPPs. In different states of the world there are their own intelligence and other opportunities to accurately recognize what is happening and who is guilty of it.
Now, from our intelligence, we have information that on the roof of several Gergers of the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Station, Russian military placedly -led with explosives. Maybe to simulate a stroke on the station. They may have some other scenario. But in any case, the world sees-and cannot die!- that the only source of danger to the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant is the one. And no one else.To stop it is the duty of all in the world, and no one can leave the scene, because radiation leaves no one away.
I thank Mr. Macron for his attention to the situation at the ZPP and for his willingness to do everything he needed to guarantee safety.
One more.
Today, Russia has once again hit Kharkiv region, in the city of Pervomaisky. Iskander is likely. Eight ordinary high -rise buildings were damaged. More than 40 people were injured, 12 of them were children, two are babies, they have less than a year ... Staff this time rescuers, together with police, still bypassing damaged buildings. Everyone who was injured in this rocket stroke will be provided with any necessary assistance.
And for this blow the enemy will be responsible, as well as all other blows.
Russian terrorists want to become model in how they destroy their lives. We will be model in how life we protect and how life answers - fairly and inevitably - every terrorist is struck.
The Nazis tried to escape from justice. Quite a long time. But many of them have been found and are still held accountable. We catch the racists much faster.
By the way, now I will still have a meeting with the Interior Minister Klimenko Taerivist to the baby's security service - and about new challenges to our security, a general situation. There was also a meeting today with intelligence ...
We know how to put terrorists in place.
Thank you all our soldiers!
Glory to Ukraine! 
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/svit-bachyt-shho-yedynym-dzherelom-nebezpeky-dlya-zaporizkoyi-aes-ye-same-rosiya-zvernennya-prezydenta-ukrayiny/ 
Volodymyr Zelenskyy: there is no space for maneuvers in the battlefield 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T97:00:00-04:00
Description: About the President of Ukraine, saying PID Hour Spirkavanni with the president of Franziyї Embemanuel ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when the war with Ukraine in It will be or not, whether there will be a war with Ukraine in the near future, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian will be in Russian
Images: [' zelenskyj-studenty.jpg ']
Tags: ['ВОЛОДИМИР ЗЕЛЕНСЬКИЙ', 'ЕММАНУЕЛЬ МАКРОН', 'НОВИНИ']
Category: News
 About it the President of Ukraine declared While communicating with French President Emmanuel Macron.
The leaders of the countries discussed the implementation of the previous ones and reached new defense speeches. Volodymyr Zelensky thanked the people of France for the large partyurown cars, including very necessary sanitary and evacuation transport, additional light tanks and air defense.
Presidents of Ukraine and France also discussed the situation in Russia and Napoli Battle.
“After Prigogine's actions, the whole world saw that there was no space for Russia in Russia. And on the contrary, there is a window of opportunity. It is necessary to act richly - both military and politically. Therefore, it is very important that the summit in Vilnius is a result ”: The President of Ukraine emphasized.
Also in the conversation, Volodymyr Zelenskyy warned Emmanuel Macron preparation by the occupying troops of dangerous provocations at the Zaporozhye NPP.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/volodymyr-zelenskyj-u-rosiyi-nemaye-prostoru-dlya-manevriv-na-poli-boyu/ 
More than 500 UAVs will be transferred to the Armed Forces - Mikhail Fedorov 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-04T98:00:00-04:00
Description: More than 500 nonsense to drive our vіsikovikh in an advanced positions. Stench purchased ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine latest news today, News War with Ukraine 2022 The last for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' 7b6410cf-8468-4d0e-a3b9-da2490eb5957.jpg ', ' d46d54b5-e2b4-4f20-9f0a-b3179e883343.jpg ']
Tags: ['STOPRUSSIA', 'АГРЕСІЯ РФ', 'БПЛА', 'ВТОРГНЕННЯ РФ']
Category: News
 More than 500 drones will strengthen our military in the leading positions. They are wrapped at funds collected for the drone army through United24. About it reports Minister of Digital Transformation of Ukraine Mikhail Fedorov.
It is noted, among the UAVs-Aviation complexes of Penguine MK-2, which are transmitted by encrypted digital channels, so securely protected from obstacles. Fluo FPV-digters Phoenix 03 Heavy Ucav, which are capable with the maximum accuracy R18 to destroy tanks, air defense systems, hail.
 Several MAVIC quadcopter kits for effective reconnaissance, adjustment of artillery and destruction of millions of dollars. And many different "birds". Therefore, many unpleasant surprises are waiting for the Russians.
13 Renault Duster SUVs were also transferred to perform special communications tasks. The cars were purchased thanks to donorsunited24.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ponad-500-bpla-peredadut-dlya-zsu-myhajlo-fedorov/ 
The situation in the area of responsibility OK "South" remains difficult and tense 
Author: ['Оксана Іванець']
Time: 2023-07-04T99:00:00-04:00
Description: Vorog Obshchi Kilkіst Postriliv ib is as much as possible on the Mosetsev Settlement ... War with Ukraine 2022, War with Ukraine Latest News today, News War with Ukraine 2022 Last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, a war with Ukraine in 2022 Whether there will be a year or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' gumenyuk_1-1.jpg ']
Tags: ['БПЛА', 'НАТАЛІЯ ГУМЕНЮК', 'НОВИНИ', 'ХЕРСОНЩИНА']
Category: News
 The enemy increases the number of shelling and tries to put as much as possible on the locality of the Dnieper Right Bank. Natalia Humeniuk, the head of the united News, reported this in the Emergency of the Unified News Telelorphone.
According to Humeniuk, the enemy is increasingly expanding the tactical aviation area. Now, not only Berislavsky but the Icherson district is suffering from Russian airplaces - today the occupiers have killed twice from the air today.
Humeniuk also reported that the artillery gunshots have recently intensified - the occupiers managed to return to the former positions, where the water had already drawn after the flood caused by the blast of Kakhovka hydroelectric power station.
According to the speaker, the invaders continue to distribute efforts along the front line, since they are aware that the maximum pressure from Ukrainian units comes to the Zaporozhye direction - especially on land. In addition, Russian invaders actively use small sabotage groups on boats to learn about the ideas of Ukrainian units located on the left bank of the Dnieper.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/obstanovka-v-zoni-vidpovidalnosti-ok-pivden-zalyshayetsya-skladnoyu-ta-napruzhenoyu/ 
Russians 36 times fired at Sumy region border 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-04T9:42:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-04T22:42:00+03:00
Description: The Russian army fired at Sumy region 36 times during the day, resulting in damaged private homes and lyceums. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16708... ']
Tags: ['Обстріл', 'Сумщина', 'Агресія РФ', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The Russian army fired at the border of Sumy region during the day, which resulted in the harmful private homes and lyceum.
As Ukrinform reports, about it in telegram Sumy Ova reported.
“During the day, the Russians carried out 36 border shelling. 268 blades were recorded. The shelling was suffered by Belopilsk, Velikopysarivska, Glukhiv, Essmanskaya, Znob-Novgorod, Krasnopil, Mykolaiv, Seredi-Budsk, Yunakiv communities, ”the message reads.
Read also: Russian troops at night fired at Sumy Region -fixed 30 blasts 
In particular, the enemy fired at the communities of the region from artillery, mortars, grenade launchers, uncontrollable aviation missiles and dumped mines.
As a result of shelling in the Krasnopil community, private homes are damaged, Amyropil - private homes, a building of a former farm, a private economic staff and a lyceum.
Read also: Russians when attempting to penetrate into Ukraine killed two -cynicals in Sumy region 
As reported by Ukrinform, in Sumy region to enhance the system of air defense _ create a regional system of detection of air goals. _
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731542-rosiani-36-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-ova.html 
A powerful "cotton" at the enemy ammunition was in the occupied Makeevka 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T-1:42:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T00:42:00+03:00
Description: In the area of the occupied Makeevka of Donetsk region on the evening on Tuesday, July 4, a powerful explosion broke out. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16885... ']
Tags: ['Вибух', 'Війна з Росією', 'Макіївка']
Type: Article
 In the district of Makeevka, Donetsk region in the evening on Tuesday, July 4, a stigmaable explosion.
This is reported by Ukrinform with reference to the Armed Forces Stratum .
The Armed Forces commented the explosion, declaring the destruction of the composition of the invaders.
"As a result of the effective fire influence of the units of the defense forces, the next composition of Russian terrorists in the temporarily occupied MAKIVIA stopped its existence," - the message reads.
Read also: explosions in Crimea will stop when the Russians go from there- intelligence 
As the agency reported earlier, * * _ the Armed Forces destroyed the composition of ammunition _ Russians in Bakhmut direction
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731557-v-okupovanij-makiivci-stalasa-potuzna-bavovna-na-skladi-boepripasiv-voroga.html 
Eurostat fixes the reduction of energy imports from Russia after invasion of Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T-2:28:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T00:28:00+03:00
Description: Russia's share in imports of coal, natural gas and oil from the EU countries to the block has been continuously reduced from the second quarter of 2022. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Енергетика', 'Росія', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The amount of coal, natural gas and oil imports from the EU countries to Blocusely declined from the second quarter of 2022.
According to Ukrinform, this is stated in published on Tuesday, July 4, data European Statistical Bureau(Eurostat).
«У період між 2021 і 2022 роками відбулося значне зростання імпортуенергоресурсів в ЄС як середньомісячного значення (+121%), and in quantity(+9%). Однак у першому кварталі 2023 року зафіксовано зниження обохпоказників. Порівняно з першим кварталом 2022 року вартісне зменшення є нарівні -9,2%, а у кількості – на -3%», - йдеться у повідомленні.
Читайте також: Державний енерготрейдер АТ «Енергетична компаніяУкраїни» сплатив ₴17 мільйонів дивідендів 
It is noted that after Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the European Union has introduced several packs of sanctions that directly or indirectly influenced the trade in oil and natural gas and are now noticeable in significant diversification of suppliers of energy.
Thus, the share of Russia in imports of coal, natural gas and oil from the EU countries has continuously decreased from the second quarter of 2022.
If in the first quarter of 2022 Russia was the largest supplier of oil more than 26%, then in the first quarter of 2023 the share of Russia was only 3.2%, decreasing by 22.8%, compared to the first quarter of 2022.
Read also: Armed Forces and Energoatom have agreed on the possible scenarios of events at the ZPP 
A similar situation was with natural gas, as EU countries have turned to other energy supplies.
In the first quarter of 2022, Russia was the largest supplier to the EU with a part of 38.8%, but in the first quarter of 2023 Russia's share fell by 21.4%.
As for liquefied natural gas, Russia(18,1%)was the second detachment of the EU supplier after the US(48,6%)In the first quarter of 2022.If compare with the first quarter of 2023, the share of Russia fell by 4.9%. Фото: qiujiu song, shutterstock 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731262-evrostat-fiksue-zmensenna-importu-energonosiiv-iz-rosii-pisla-vtorgnenna-v-ukrainu.html 
Biden discussed with Scholz preparation for NATO summit 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T-3:13:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T00:13:00+03:00
Description: US President Joe Biden had a telephone conversation with Olaf Scholtz and discussed German Chancellor preparations for NATO Summit in Vilnius. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16562... ']
Tags: ['Байден', 'НАТО', 'Шольц']
Type: Article
 Presidential Joe Biden had a telephone conversation with Olaf Scholtz and discussed Germany by Germany preparations for NATO Summit in Vilnius.
Ukrinform transfers this with reference to White House .
The conversation took place on July 4, when Independence Day is celebrated in the United States.
"Joe Biden and Olaf Sholtz discussed the preparation for the NATO summit, which will get in Vilnius. They talked about a number of issues that will lead at the summit, in particular ways .
Read also: [Biden insists on weapons circulation after new mass shootings in the US(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731534-bajden-napolagae-na-reformi-obigu-zbroi-pisla-novih-masovih-rozstriliv-u-ssa.html) 
In addition, Scholtz congratulated the US President and the American people on the day.
It was reported that on July 11-12 in Vilnius there will be a summit * NATO !
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731556-bajden-obgovoriv-z-solcom-pidgotovku-do-samitu-nato.html 
Biden discussed with Scholz preparation for NATO summit 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T00:13:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T00:13:00+03:00
Description: US President Joe Biden had a telephone conversation with Olaf Scholtz and discussed German Chancellor preparations for NATO Summit in Vilnius. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16562... ']
Tags: ['Байден', 'НАТО', 'Шольц']
Type: Article
 Presidential Joe Biden had a telephone conversation with Olaf Scholtz and discussed Germany by Germany preparations for NATO Summit in Vilnius.
Ukrinform transfers this with reference to White House .
The conversation took place on July 4, when Independence Day is celebrated in the United States.
"Joe Biden and Olaf Sholtz discussed the preparation for the NATO summit, which will get in Vilnius. They talked about a number of issues that will lead at the summit, in particular ways .
Read also: [Biden insists on weapons circulation after new mass shootings in the US(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731534-bajden-napolagae-na-reformi-obigu-zbroi-pisla-novih-masovih-rozstriliv-u-ssa.html) 
In addition, Scholtz congratulated the US President and the American people on the day.
It was reported that on July 11-12 in Vilnius there will be a summit * NATO !
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731556-bajden-obgovoriv-z-solcom-pidgotovku-do-samitu-nato.html 
Eurostat fixes the reduction of energy imports from Russia after invasion of Ukraine 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T00:28:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T00:28:00+03:00
Description: Russia's share in imports of coal, natural gas and oil from the EU countries to the block has been continuously reduced from the second quarter of 2022. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16884... ']
Tags: ['Енергетика', 'Росія', 'Війна з Росією']
Type: Article
 The amount of coal, natural gas and oil imports from the EU countries to Blocusely declined from the second quarter of 2022.
According to Ukrinform, this is stated in published on Tuesday, July 4, data European Statistical Bureau(Eurostat).
«У період між 2021 і 2022 роками відбулося значне зростання імпортуенергоресурсів в ЄС як середньомісячного значення (+121%), and in quantity(+9%). Однак у першому кварталі 2023 року зафіксовано зниження обохпоказників. Порівняно з першим кварталом 2022 року вартісне зменшення є нарівні -9,2%, а у кількості – на -3%», - йдеться у повідомленні.
Читайте також: Державний енерготрейдер АТ «Енергетична компаніяУкраїни» сплатив ₴17 мільйонів дивідендів 
It is noted that after Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the European Union has introduced several packs of sanctions that directly or indirectly influenced the trade in oil and natural gas and are now noticeable in significant diversification of suppliers of energy.
Thus, the share of Russia in imports of coal, natural gas and oil from the EU countries has continuously decreased from the second quarter of 2022.
If in the first quarter of 2022 Russia was the largest supplier of oil more than 26%, then in the first quarter of 2023 the share of Russia was only 3.2%, decreasing by 22.8%, compared to the first quarter of 2022.
Read also: Armed Forces and Energoatom have agreed on the possible scenarios of events at the ZPP 
A similar situation was with natural gas, as EU countries have turned to other energy supplies.
In the first quarter of 2022, Russia was the largest supplier to the EU with a part of 38.8%, but in the first quarter of 2023 Russia's share fell by 21.4%.
As for liquefied natural gas, Russia(18,1%)was the second detachment of the EU supplier after the US(48,6%)In the first quarter of 2022.If compare with the first quarter of 2023, the share of Russia fell by 4.9%. Фото: qiujiu song, shutterstock 
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731262-evrostat-fiksue-zmensenna-importu-energonosiiv-iz-rosii-pisla-vtorgnenna-v-ukrainu.html 
A powerful "cotton" at the enemy ammunition was in the occupied Makeevka 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T00:42:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T00:42:00+03:00
Description: In the area of the occupied Makeevka of Donetsk region on the evening on Tuesday, July 4, a powerful explosion broke out. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16885... ']
Tags: ['Вибух', 'Війна з Росією', 'Макіївка']
Type: Article
 In the district of Makeevka, Donetsk region in the evening on Tuesday, July 4, a stigmaable explosion.
This is reported by Ukrinform with reference to the Armed Forces Stratum .
The Armed Forces commented the explosion, declaring the destruction of the composition of the invaders.
"As a result of the effective fire influence of the units of the defense forces, the next composition of Russian terrorists in the temporarily occupied MAKIVIA stopped its existence," - the message reads.
Read also: explosions in Crimea will stop when the Russians go from there- intelligence 
As the agency reported earlier, * * _ the Armed Forces destroyed the composition of ammunition _ Russians in Bakhmut direction
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731557-v-okupovanij-makiivci-stalasa-potuzna-bavovna-na-skladi-boepripasiv-voroga.html 
Russian Foreign Ministry again threatens to break the "grain agreement" 
Authors: Ukrinform (Person)
Publisher: Укринформ (Organization)
Published Time: 2023-07-05T00:55:00+03:00
Modified Time: 2023-07-05T00:55:00+03:00
Description: On July 4, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia stated that there was no reason to continue the Black Sea Agreement, which ends on July 17. - Ukrinform.
Images: [' 630_360_16791... ']
Tags: ['Антиросійські санкції', 'Економіка', 'Зерно', 'Агресія РФ', 'Угода', 'Війна з Росією', 'зерновий коридор']
Type: Article
 On July 4, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia stated that there is no grounds for the "Black Sea Agreement", which ends on July 17.
About it reported The press service of the Russian department, reports Ukrinform.
They say that Russia is allegedly "honestly and responsibly" to approximate the obligations as a party to the arrangement, so that all the vessels that participated in the Grain Agreement could successfully complete their mission and leave the Black Sea dosing the initiative.
Read also: in Bosphorus Russia again blocked inspections of vessels from the "grain corridor" 
In order to continue the agreement, the aggressor country wants to be allowed to reconstruct Rosselhozbank to SWIFT, unlocked the supply of spare parts for farm machinery, allowed to establish a transport logistics of tastration, "thawed" assets of Russian companies. Russia also wants to resuscitated the Amiacowns of Togliatti - Odesa, the destruction of which he accused the "saboteurs", although it happened after the invaders were fired.
Read also: [Russians for two weeks are aimed(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722909-rosiani-dva-tizni-pricilno-obstriluut-amiakoprovid-na-harkivsini.html) 
In July 2022, the EU adopted a sixth package of anti -growing sanctions in connection with its aggression against Ukraine, which, in particular, was introduced to the use of specialized financial communications service(SWIFT)Three more Russian credit institutions: Sberbank, Moscow Credit Bank and the Russian Agricultural Bank.
Read also: [the European Commission calls for the continuation of the Black Sea Elders(https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731312-evrokomisia-zaklikae-do-prodovzenna-cornomorskoi-zernovoi-iniciativi.html) 
In May of this year, the Grain Agreement was extended for two months - until July 18, 2023. The Government of Ukraine declares the actual blocking by the Russian grain initiative, in particular, the open sabotage by the RPOBOBACE AGREEMENT of the inspection of ships. In this case, Russia threatens not to continue the action of the Black Sea grain Initiatives.
News Source: https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731558-rosijske-mzs-vkotre-pogrozue-zirvati-zernovu-ugodu.html 
On the Russian Federation of Bankruts manufacturer of "Grads" and "Tornado" 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-05T96:00:00-04:00
Description: Ekononika of the Country-Agresoru weak. About the fact of fact, the yaki opriludni has on his own ... the war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine is the latest news today, the news war with Ukraine 2022 last today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia and when, the war with Ukraine will be in 2022 Or not, will there be a war with Ukraine in the near future, they say, the war with Ukraine, Ukraine’s news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' novyj-proekt.png ']
Tags: ['КРАХ ЕКОНОМІКИ РФ', 'НОВИНИ']
Category: News
 The economy of the aggressor country weakens. This is evidenced by the facts that publishes In its construction, the Foreign Intelligence Service of Ukraine.
In Russia, the property and lands of the bankrupt production association "Motovilikhinskaya factories", which were the only manufacturer of combat and transport and transport cars from the RSSU "Grad", "Smerch" and their modified versions "Tornado-G", "Tornado-C" were spilled in Russia. . In 2022, some of the territories were sold for 59.5 million rubles(about $ 100,000)Under a residential coordinate.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/na-rf-zbankrutiv-vyrobnyk-gradiv-ta-tornado/ 
China gave up Russian aircraft engines 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-05T98:00:00-04:00
Description: Avayatsyina Galuz of the Russian Federation is not demanded by Vitimati to the competitor to the product. The war with Ukraine 2022, the war with Ukraine, the latest news today, the war with Ukraine 2022, the last ones for today, will there be a war between Ukraine and Russia, and when, the war with Ukraine in 2022 will be or not, will there be or not, whether there will be or not, will there be or not, whether there will be or not, will there be The war with Ukraine in the near future says, the war with Ukraine, Ukrainian news today, Ukrainian news in Ukrainian media in Russian
Images: [' zhuhai-3xj-20-fbrevot.webp ']
Tags: ['АВІАЦІЯ РФ', 'КИТАЙ', 'НОВИНИ']
Category: News
 The Russian aviation industry is not able to produce a competitor product. In his message On Facebook, the external intelligence service of Ukraine said that China has replaced the J-20 B fighter fighters Russian AL-31FN engines with its own WS-15, to increase its maneuverability.
The thrust of the Chinese engine is 166 kilonutons, which is 29 kilonutonov more than the Russian AL-31FN.
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/kytaj-vidmovyvsya-vid-rosijskyh-aviadvyguniv/ 
明纳帕德和其他安全部队的债务被归类为俄罗斯联邦 
Author: ['АРМІЯINFORM']
Time: 2023-07-05T99:00:00-04:00
Description: 关于Khustlya的Rosves级服务，乌克兰的服务：Vidak，2022 Rotsi ...与乌克兰2022年的战争，与乌克兰的战争是今天的最新新闻，《与乌克兰的新闻战》，今天与乌克兰2022年，将在今天，将会发生战争乌克兰和俄罗斯以及2022年与乌克兰的战争将是与否，他们会在不久的将来与乌克兰发生战争，他们说，与乌克兰的战争，今天的乌克兰新闻，乌克兰的新闻，乌克兰媒体的乌克兰新闻
Images: [' 685dd58b0750403c339d810b93870963.jpeg ']
Tags: ['КРАХ ЕКОНОМІКИ РФ', 'НОВИНИ']
Category: News
 关于它 报告 乌克兰的外部情报服务：
因此，在2022年，俄罗斯联邦机构的债务增加了53.3％(到3.26万亿卢布); 总债务将设定9.37万亿卢布。
最大的债务人是工业部，工业部，交通部，国防部，内政部，罗萨夫托尔多，科学和教育部。
关于国防部，罗斯科斯莫斯，罗萨托姆，内政部，罗斯格瓦迪亚，特殊服务的债务的信息。
News Source: https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/na-rf-zasekretyly-borgy-minnapadu-ta-inshyh-sylovykiv/ 
